<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/MathML2/dtd/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns:arx="http://arxmliv.kwarc.info/ns/" xmlns:msc="http://alpha.planetmath.org/onto/msc" xmlns:acm="http://alpha.planetmath.org/onto/acm" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" id="idp10320">
  <head id="idm27888">
    <title id="idm27632">Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls</title>
    <meta id="idm26672" http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <link id="idm25808" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="core.css"/>
  </head>
  <body id="idp28352">
    <div id="idp28608" class="main">
    <div id="idp29136" class="content"><div id="idp29536" class="document"><h1 id="idp29936" class="title document-title">Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls</h1><div id="idp30528" class="creator author"><div id="idp30928" class="personname">Robert H. Brandenberger</div>Physics Department, Brown University, Providence, RI
<div id="idp31680" class="RDFa" property="dct:identifier" content="hep-ph/0503211"/>
<div id="idp32912" class="RDFa" property="dct:publisher" content="Masahide Yamaguchi &lt;gucci@phys.aoyama.ac.jp&gt;"/>
<div id="idp34016" class="RDFa" property="dct:dateSubmitted" content="Tue, 22 Mar 2005 06:29:04 GMT   "/>
<div id="idp34992" class="RDFa" property="dct:title" content="Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls"/>
<div id="idp36096" class="RDFa" property="dct:creator" content="Robert H. Brandenberger"/><div id="idp37040" class="RDFa" property="dct:creator" content="Wessyl Kelly"/><div id="idp37984" class="RDFa" property="dct:creator" content="and Masahide Yamaguchi"/>
<div id="idp39056" class="RDFa" property="dct:subject" content="hep-ph"/><div id="idp40000" class="RDFa" property="dct:subject" content="astro-ph"/>
<div id="idp41072" class="RDFa" property="arx:comment" content="11 pages"/>
02912, USA, <br id="idp42176" class="break"/>and<br id="idp42704" class="break"/>Physics Department, McGill University, Montréal,
Québec, H3A 2T8, Canada</div><div id="idp43392" class="creator author"><div id="idp43792" class="personname">Wessyl Kelly</div>Physics Department, Brown University, Providence, RI
02912, USA</div><div id="idp44560" class="creator author"><div id="idp44960" class="personname">Masahide Yamaguchi</div>Department of Physics and Mathematics, Aoyama Gakuin
University, Sagamihara 229-8558, Japan</div><div id="idp45760" class="abstract"><h6 id="idp46160">Abstract.</h6><p id="idp46496" class="p">We consider electroweak baryogenesis mediated by embedded domain
walls. Embedded domain walls originating from a symmetry breaking
phase transition are stabilized by thermal plasma effects
so that the electroweak symmetry is unbroken
in their cores. Then, the cosmological evolution of such domain walls can
generate a sufficient baryon asymmetry, irrespective of the order of the
electroweak phase transition. For embedded domain walls, the condition
not to overdominate the energy of the universe is relaxed significantly
and is shown to be compatible with our scenario of electroweak
baryogenesis.</p></div>
    <div id="idp47744" class="classification"><i id="idp48192">pacs: </i>98.80.Cq</div><div id="S1" class="section"><h2 id="idp49376" class="title section-title"><span id="idp49776" class="tag">I </span>Introduction</h2><div id="S1.p1" class="para"><p id="idp51152" class="p">The origin of the baryon asymmetry is one of the greatest mysteries of
modern cosmology and particle physics.
The magnitude of the asymmetry is determined by two
methods.  One method is Big Bang nucleosynthesis, which yields <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp51984" alttext="\eta\equiv n_{{B}}/n_{{\gamma}}=(3.4-6.9)\times 10^{{-10}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp52784"><mrow id="idp52960"><mi id="idp53440">η</mi><mo id="idp53696">≡</mo><mrow id="idp53952"><msub id="idp54128"><mi id="idp54256">n</mi><mi id="idp54560">B</mi></msub><mo id="idp54864">/</mo><msub id="idp55120"><mi id="idp55248">n</mi><mi id="idp55504">γ</mi></msub></mrow><mo id="idp55792">=</mo><mrow id="idp56096"><mfenced id="idp56272" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp56976"><mn id="idp57104">3.4</mn><mo id="idp57408">-</mo><mn id="idp57712">6.9</mn></mrow></mfenced><mo id="idp57968">×</mo><msup id="idp58304"><mn id="idp58432">10</mn><mrow id="idp58688"><mo id="idp58816">-</mo><mn id="idp59072">10</mn></mrow></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp59328" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp59728"><and id="idp59856"/><apply id="idp59984"><equivalent id="idp60112"/><ci id="idp60240">η</ci><apply id="idp60528" xml:id="S1.p1.m1.sh1.cmml"><divide id="idp73376"/><apply id="idp73504"><csymbol id="idp73632" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp74128">n</ci><ci id="idp74384">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp74640"><csymbol id="idp74768" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp75264">n</ci><ci id="idp75520">γ</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp75808"><eq id="idp75984"/><share id="idp76160" href="#S1.p1.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp76560" xml:id="S1.p1.m1.sh2.cmml"><times id="idp77184"/><apply id="idp77312"><minus id="idp77488"/><cn id="idp77664" type="float">3.4</cn><cn id="idp78160" type="float">6.9</cn></apply><apply id="idp78688"><csymbol id="idp78816" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><cn id="idp79376" type="integer">10</cn><apply id="idp79904"><minus id="idp80032"/><cn id="idp80160" type="integer">10</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp80688" encoding="application/x-tex">\eta\equiv n_{{B}}/n_{{\gamma}}=(3.4-6.9)\times 10^{{-10}}</annotation></semantics></math> <cite id="idp81472" class="cite"><a id="idm33120" href="#bib.bib2" title="" class="ref">(2)</a></cite>,
where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idm31760" alttext="n_{{B}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idm31152"><msub id="idm31024"><mi id="idm30896">n</mi><mi id="idm30640">B</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idm30384" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idm30016"><csymbol id="idm29888" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idm29328">n</ci><ci id="idp106704">B</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp106960" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{{B}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the net baryon number density and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp107680" alttext="n_{{\gamma}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp108352"><msub id="idp108480"><mi id="idp108608">n</mi><mi id="idp108864">γ</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp109120" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp109520"><csymbol id="idp109648" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp110208">n</ci><ci id="idp110464">γ</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp110752" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{{\gamma}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the
photon number density.
The other is the study of the angular power spectrum of
cosmic microwave background anisotropies (changing
the baryon number density changes the height of the acoustic peaks in the
spectrum),
which yields <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp111792" alttext="\eta=(6.14\pm 0.25)\times 10^{{-10}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp112464"><mrow id="idp112592"><mi id="idp112720">η</mi><mo id="idp112976">=</mo><mrow id="idp113232"><mfenced id="idp113360" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp113968"><mn id="idp114096">6.14</mn><mo id="idp114352">±</mo><mn id="idp114640">0.25</mn></mrow></mfenced><mo id="idp114928">×</mo><msup id="idp115216"><mn id="idp115344">10</mn><mrow id="idp115600"><mo id="idp115728">-</mo><mn id="idp115984">10</mn></mrow></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp116240" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp116640"><eq id="idp116768"/><ci id="idp116896">η</ci><apply id="idp117184"><times id="idp117312"/><apply id="idp117440"><csymbol id="idp117568" cd="latexml">plus-or-minus</csymbol><cn id="idp118128" type="float">6.14</cn><cn id="idp118688" type="float">0.25</cn></apply><apply id="idp119248"><csymbol id="idp119376" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><cn id="idp119936" type="integer">10</cn><apply id="idp120464"><minus id="idp120592"/><cn id="idp120720" type="integer">10</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp121248" encoding="application/x-tex">\eta=(6.14\pm 0.25)\times 10^{{-10}}</annotation></semantics></math> <cite id="idp121904" class="cite"><a id="idp122304" href="#bib.bib3" title="" class="ref">(3)</a></cite>.
These two estimates are consistent within the 95% confidence level.</p></div><div id="S1.p2" class="para"><p id="idp124192" class="p">Electroweak baryogenesis is one of the most attractive scenarios to
explain a net baryon asymmetry because very little physics beyond the
Standard Model (SM) of particle physics must be assumed. In particular,
as first emphasized in <cite id="idp124944" class="cite"><a id="idp125344" href="#bib.bib4" title="" class="ref">(4)</a></cite>, by embedding the SM in standard Big Bang
cosmology it is possible to satisfy Sakharov’s conditions
for successful baryogenesis,
that is, (1) having baryon number violating processes present, (2) these
processes being C and CP violating, and (3) having deviations from
thermal equilibrium <cite id="idp127088" class="cite"><a id="idp127488" href="#bib.bib5" title="" class="ref">(5)</a></cite>. In particular, the baryon number
violating processes in the SM are generated through the chiral anomaly.</p></div><div id="S1.p3" class="para"><p id="idp129424" class="p">Unfortunately, the minimal SM cannot produce a large enough baryon
asymmetry because the amount of CP violation is too small and, in addition, it
is difficult to achieve large deviations from
thermal equilibrium (see e.g. <cite id="idp130160" class="cite"><a id="idp130560" href="#bib.bib6" title="" class="ref">(6)</a></cite> for recent
reviews of electroweak baryogenesis).
Thus, to realize electroweak baryogenesis an
extension of the SM must be
considered. Sufficient CP violation can, for example, be obtained by
considering two-Higgs models which contain explicitly CP violating terms
in the Higgs mass matrix in addition to the small amount of CP violation in the
fermion mass matrix present in the SM.</p></div><div id="S1.p4" class="para"><p id="idp133152" class="p">Nucleation and expansion of critical bubbles — which are produced if
the phase transition is strongly first order — are processes out of
thermal equilibrium. In the SM the phase transition is not strongly first
order. However, a sufficiently strong phase transition
can be realized by considering
supersymmetric extensions of the standard model. However, in the minimal
extension, severe conditions are required: the Higgs bosons must have
masses just above the present experimental bounds and the stop must be
lighter than the top quark <cite id="idp134352" class="cite"><a id="idp134752" href="#bib.bib7" title="" class="ref">(7)</a></cite>.</p></div><div id="S1.p5" class="para"><p id="idp136560" class="p">Another scenario to satisfy
the out-of-equilibrium condition is to consider topological
defects in the cores of which the electroweak symmetry is unbroken <cite id="idp137232" class="cite"><a id="idp137632" href="#bib.bib8" title="" class="ref">(8)</a></cite>.
Specifically, in <cite id="idp138800" class="cite"><a id="idp139200" href="#bib.bib8" title="" class="ref">(8)</a></cite> the role of
electroweak strings <cite id="idp140336" class="cite"><a id="idp140736" href="#bib.bib9" title="" class="ref">(9)</a></cite>
(which are non-topological solitons arising in the
standard model and its extensions) was explored. It was shown that
the contraction of loops of such
string generates a departure from thermal equilibrium,
just like the expansion of a bubble wall does. In theories which admit defects,
defects are formed independent of the order of the phase transition. Thus,
the out-of-equilibrium state is realized even if the electroweak phase
transition is of second
order. However, electroweak strings are unstable
for realistic values of the Weinberg angle <cite id="idp142432" class="cite"><a id="idp142832" href="#bib.bib10" title="" class="ref">(10)</a></cite>.</p></div><div id="S1.p6" class="para"><p id="idp144672" class="p">As an extension of the above idea, one can consider cosmic strings
originating from a symmetry breaking that takes place before the
electroweak phase transition <cite id="idp145344" class="cite"><a id="idp145744" href="#bib.bib11" title="" class="ref">(11)</a></cite>. If the electroweak symmetry
is restored and sphaleron
processes are unsuppressed in the defect cores, then electroweak baryogenesis
is possible. Initially <cite id="idp147088" class="cite"><a id="idp147488" href="#bib.bib11" title="" class="ref">(11)</a></cite>, this baryogenesis scenario
was discussed taking into account only local processes. It was shown that
baryogenesis is most efficient
when the new symmetry breaking scale is just above the electroweak
scale (in this case, the density of strings present at the electroweak
symmetry breaking scale is largest). Later, the analysis was improved by
including decay and nonlocal effects, which makes the defect-mediated
mechanism more efficient <cite id="idp149120" class="cite"><a id="idp149520" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a></cite>. Nonetheless, the amplitude of the
baryon asymmetry which could be produced this way
still lies below the observed value. The main reason for the lack of power
of the mechanism is that cosmic strings are one-dimensional objects
and therefore, even if the strings are moving relativistically, they sweep
out too small a volume of space. An additional constraint <cite id="idp151072" class="cite"><a id="idp151472" href="#bib.bib13" title="" class="ref">(13)</a></cite>
is that the defects must be thick enough such that the electroweak
sphalerons fit into their cores.</p></div><div id="S1.p7" class="para"><p id="idp153424" class="p">On the other hand, a scaling network (see e.g. <cite id="idp153984" class="cite"><a id="idp154384" href="#bib.bib14" title="" class="ref">(14)</a>; <a id="idp155552" href="#bib.bib15" title="" class="ref">(15)</a>; <a id="idp156720" href="#bib.bib16" title="" class="ref">(16)</a></cite>
for reviews of topological defects in cosmology) of domain walls
moving at relativistic speeds will sweep out a large fraction of the
universe. Thus, a sufficient baryon
asymmetry can be easily generated by making use of domain walls, provided
that the microscopic Lagrangian contains enough CP violation <cite id="idp158512" class="cite"><a id="idp158912" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a></cite>.
However, domain walls produced at energy scales comparable or higher
than the electroweak scale quickly dominate the energy density of the
universe, which causes severe cosmological problems. Thus, to render
domain wall-mediated electroweak baryogenesis viable, we must
introduce <span id="idp160384" class="text italic">ad hoc</span> processes that remove domain walls at some
time after the electroweak symmetry breaking but before the time of
nucleosynthesis. For
example, a slight tilt is often introduced into the scalar field potential,
which breaks the degeneracy of the vacua such that domain walls decay.</p></div><div id="S1.p8" class="para"><p id="idp162032" class="p">In this paper, we consider another method
for wall-mediated electroweak baryogenesis which avoids
the domain wall problem. Instead of stable domain walls we make use
of <span id="idp162720" class="text italic">embedded domain walls</span>. These have the nice feature that their
energy density decreases with the expansion of the universe.
Embedded defects <cite id="idp163536" class="cite"><a id="idp163936" href="#bib.bib17" title="" class="ref">(17)</a></cite> of a field theory are solutions of the
classical field equations whose energy distribution looks like that
of a topological defect. However, in contrast to topological defects, they
are not topologically stable and thus decay in the vacuum. However, if
some of the fields are fixed, then the field configuration becomes a
topological defect in the constrained space.</p></div><div id="S1.p9" class="para"><p id="idp166160" class="p">It was recently argued <cite id="idp166688" class="cite"><a id="idp167088" href="#bib.bib18" title="" class="ref">(18)</a></cite> that many types of embedded defects
can be stabilized by interactions with a thermal plasma.
To illustrate this effect, let us
consider a multi-component real scalar field with a “Mexican hat” type
potential. We will consider the epoch after spontaneous symmetry
breaking when the scalar field is no longer in thermal equilibrium.
In the case that all scalar fields except one are charged,
the charged fields acquire thermal masses from gauge interactions with
the photon bath (photons are still in thermal equilibrium). If the
thermal mass is sufficiently large, then the
symmetry is broken only in direction of the neutral
scalar field. In this way, embedded domain walls are produced and
stabilized. If the square of the induced plasma mass
exceeds the absolute value of the negative square mass of the scalar
field at the top of its potential, the symmetry is restored in the center
of the defect. As the temperature decreases further, the thermal masses
also decrease, so that a core phase transition occurs <cite id="idp170672" class="cite"><a id="idp171072" href="#bib.bib19" title="" class="ref">(19)</a></cite>.
This means that the symmetric state of the charged scalar fields in
the core evolves into a slightly asymmetric state, without destroying
the overall defect. Thus, the domain wall configurations survive even for
small thermal masses. However, the properties and cosmological evolution
of these domain walls differ from those of standard ones, as shown
later. The conditions necessary to avoid the cosmological domain wall
problem are thereby relaxed significantly.</p></div><div id="S1.p10" class="para"><p id="idp173392" class="p">In the next section, we investigate the properties and
cosmological evolution of embedded domain walls. Following on,
electroweak baryogenesis mediated by these defects is discussed.
In the final section, we give our discussion and conclusions.</p></div></div><div id="S2" class="section"><h2 id="idp174784" class="title section-title"><span id="idp175184" class="tag">II </span>Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics</h2><div id="S2.p1" class="para"><p id="idp176544" class="p">Let us consider a multi-component real scalar field, with one component
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp177232" alttext="\phi _{n}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp177904"><msub id="idp178032"><mi id="idp178160">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp178416">n</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp178672" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp179072"><csymbol id="idp179200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp179760">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp180048">n</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp180304" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{n}</annotation></semantics></math> which is neutral, the others <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp181088" alttext="\phi _{{c1}},\phi _{{c2}},\cdots" display="inline"><semantics id="idp181760"><mrow id="idp181888"><msub id="idp182016"><mi id="idp182144">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp182400"><mi id="idp182528">c</mi><mo id="idp182784">⁢</mo><mn id="idp183040">1</mn></mrow></msub><mo id="idp183296">,</mo><msub id="idp183552"><mi id="idp183680">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp183968"><mi id="idp184096">c</mi><mo id="idp184352">⁢</mo><mn id="idp184640">2</mn></mrow></msub><mo id="idp184896">,</mo><mi id="idp185152" mathvariant="normal">⋯</mi></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp185712" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp186112"><list id="idp186240"/><apply id="idp186368"><csymbol id="idp186496" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp187056">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp187344"><times id="idp187472"/><ci id="idp187600">c</ci><cn id="idp187856" type="integer">1</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp188384"><csymbol id="idp188512" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp189072">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp189360"><times id="idp189488"/><ci id="idp189616">c</ci><cn id="idp189872" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp190400">⋯</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp190688" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{{c1}},\phi _{{c2}},\cdots</annotation></semantics></math> being
charged (to be specific, we will be working in the context of the usual
electric charge). We assume an effective potential for these scalar fields
of Coleman-Weinberg type <cite id="idp191536" class="cite"><a id="idp191936" href="#bib.bib20" title="" class="ref">(20)</a></cite>:</p><table id="idp193104" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E1" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp194304" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp194704" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp195440" alttext="V_{{\rm CW}}(\phi)=\frac{\lambda}{4}\,\phi^{4}\left(\ln\left|\frac{\phi}{v}\right|-\frac{1}{4}\right)+\frac{\lambda}{16}v^{4}+\frac{1}{2}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{c}^{2}," display="block"><semantics id="idp196288"><mrow id="idp196416"><mrow id="idp196544"><mrow id="idp196672"><msub id="idp196800"><mi id="idp196928">V</mi><mi id="idp197184">CW</mi></msub><mo id="idp197440">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp197696" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp198304">ϕ</mi></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp198560">=</mo><mrow id="idp198816"><mrow id="idp198944"><mfrac id="idp199072"><mi id="idp199200">λ</mi><mn id="idp199488">4</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp199744">⁢</mo><msup id="idp200032"><mi id="idp200160">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp200448">4</mn></msup><mo id="idp200704">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp200992" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp201600"><mrow id="idp201728"><mi id="idp202032">ln</mi><mo id="idp202288">⁡</mo><mfenced id="idp202576" open="|" close="|"><mfrac id="idp203184"><mi id="idp53088">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp203984">v</mi></mfrac></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp204240">-</mo><mfrac id="idp204496"><mn id="idp204624">1</mn><mn id="idp204880">4</mn></mfrac></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp205136">+</mo><mrow id="idp205392"><mfrac id="idp205520"><mi id="idp205648">λ</mi><mn id="idp205904">16</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp206160">⁢</mo><msup id="idp206416"><mi id="idp206544">v</mi><mn id="idp206800">4</mn></msup></mrow><mo id="idp207056">+</mo><mrow id="idp207312"><mfrac id="idp207440"><mn id="idp207568">1</mn><mn id="idp207824">2</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp208080">⁢</mo><msup id="idp208368"><mi id="idp208496">g</mi><mn id="idp208752">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp209008">⁢</mo><msup id="idp209296"><mi id="idp209424">T</mi><mn id="idp209680">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp209936">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp210224"><mi id="idp210352">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp210640">c</mi><mn id="idp210896">2</mn></msubsup></mrow></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp211152">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp211408" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp211808"><eq id="idp211936"/><apply id="idp212064"><times id="idp212192"/><apply id="idp212320"><csymbol id="idp212448" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp213008">V</ci><ci id="idp213264">CW</ci></apply><ci id="idp213520">ϕ</ci></apply><apply id="idp213808"><plus id="idp213936"/><apply id="idp214064"><times id="idp214192"/><apply id="idp214320"><divide id="idp214448"/><ci id="idp214576">λ</ci><cn id="idp214864" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp215392"><csymbol id="idp215520" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp216080">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp216368" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp216896"><minus id="idp217024"/><apply id="idp217152"><ln id="idp217280"/><apply id="idp217408"><abs id="idp217536"/><apply id="idp217664"><divide id="idp217792"/><ci id="idp217920">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp218208">v</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp218464"><divide id="idp218592"/><cn id="idp218720" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp219248" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp219776"><times id="idp219904"/><apply id="idp220032"><divide id="idp220160"/><ci id="idp220288">λ</ci><cn id="idp220576" type="integer">16</cn></apply><apply id="idp221104"><csymbol id="idp221232" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp221792">v</ci><cn id="idp222048" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp222576"><times id="idp222704"/><apply id="idp222832"><divide id="idp222960"/><cn id="idp223088" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp223616" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp224144"><csymbol id="idp224272" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp224832">g</ci><cn id="idp225088" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp225616"><csymbol id="idp225744" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp226304">T</ci><cn id="idp226560" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp227088"><csymbol id="idp227216" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp227776"><csymbol id="idp227904" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp228464">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp228752">c</ci></apply><cn id="idp229008" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp229536" encoding="application/x-tex">V_{{\rm CW}}(\phi)=\frac{\lambda}{4}\,\phi^{4}\left(\ln\left|\frac{\phi}{v}\right|-\frac{1}{4}\right)+\frac{\lambda}{16}v^{4}+\frac{1}{2}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{c}^{2},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp230240" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp230640" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp231408" class="refnum">1</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp232192" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp232816" alttext="\phi=\sqrt{\phi _{c}^{2}+\phi _{n}^{2}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp233488"><mrow id="idp233616"><mi id="idp233744">ϕ</mi><mo id="idp234000">=</mo><msqrt id="idp234256"><mrow id="idp234384"><msubsup id="idp234512"><mi id="idp234640">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp234896">c</mi><mn id="idp235152">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp235408">+</mo><msubsup id="idp235664"><mi id="idp235792">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp236080">n</mi><mn id="idp236336">2</mn></msubsup></mrow></msqrt></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp236592" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp236992"><eq id="idp237120"/><ci id="idp237248">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp237536"><root id="idp237664"/><apply id="idp237792"><plus id="idp237920"/><apply id="idp238048"><csymbol id="idp238176" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp238736"><csymbol id="idp238864" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp239424">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp239712">c</ci></apply><cn id="idp239968" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp240496"><csymbol id="idp240624" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp241184"><csymbol id="idp241312" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp241872">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp242160">n</ci></apply><cn id="idp242416" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp242944" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi=\sqrt{\phi _{c}^{2}+\phi _{n}^{2}}</annotation></semantics></math> with <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp243728" alttext="\phi _{c}=\sqrt{\phi _{{c1}}^{2}+\phi _{{c2}}^{2}+\cdots}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp244480"><mrow id="idp244608"><msub id="idp244736"><mi id="idp244864">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp245120">c</mi></msub><mo id="idp245376">=</mo><msqrt id="idp245632"><mrow id="idp245760"><msubsup id="idp245888"><mi id="idp246016">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp246272"><mi id="idp246400">c</mi><mo id="idp246656">⁢</mo><mn id="idp246944">1</mn></mrow><mn id="idp247200">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp247456">+</mo><msubsup id="idp247712"><mi id="idp247840">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp248128"><mi id="idp248256">c</mi><mo id="idp248512">⁢</mo><mn id="idp248800">2</mn></mrow><mn id="idp249056">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp249312">+</mo><mi id="idp249568" mathvariant="normal">⋯</mi></mrow></msqrt></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp250128" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp250528"><eq id="idp250656"/><apply id="idp250784"><csymbol id="idp250912" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp251472">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp251760">c</ci></apply><apply id="idp252016"><root id="idp252144"/><apply id="idp252272"><plus id="idp252400"/><apply id="idp252528"><csymbol id="idp252656" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp253216"><csymbol id="idp253344" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp253904">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp254192"><times id="idp254320"/><ci id="idp254448">c</ci><cn id="idp254704" type="integer">1</cn></apply></apply><cn id="idp255232" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp255760"><csymbol id="idp255888" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp256448"><csymbol id="idp256576" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp257136">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp257424"><times id="idp257552"/><ci id="idp257680">c</ci><cn id="idp257936" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><cn id="idp258464" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp258992">⋯</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp259280" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{c}=\sqrt{\phi _{{c1}}^{2}+\phi _{{c2}}^{2}+\cdots}</annotation></semantics></math> and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp260144" alttext="\lambda" display="inline"><semantics id="idp260816"><mi id="idp260944">λ</mi><annotation-xml id="idp261200" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp261600">λ</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp261888" encoding="application/x-tex">\lambda</annotation></semantics></math> is a coupling
constant. The first two terms can be obtained by considering massless
scalar electrodynamics with one-loop corrections. The last term
represents thermal masses of the charged scalar fields originating
from gauge interactions with a gauge coupling constant <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp262960" alttext="g" display="inline"><semantics id="idp263632"><mi id="idp263760">g</mi><annotation-xml id="idp264016" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp264384">g</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp264640" encoding="application/x-tex">g</annotation></semantics></math> <cite id="idp265264" class="cite"><a id="idp265664" href="#bib.bib18" title="" class="ref">(18)</a></cite>. Note that
we are interested in fairly low temperatures when the scalar fields
are out of thermal equilibrium. At very high temperatures, the neutral
component can also have thermal masses coming from other interactions, in
which case the complete symmetry is restored. This theory admits an
embedded domain wall solution in which the charged scalar fields vanish
and the neutral one takes the form of the usual single scalar field domain
wall solution. Here, we assume that the electroweak symmetry
is unbroken inside the defect cores, that is,
we consider a phase transition such that a group G breaks into a group H
which includes the gauge group of the standard model as a subgroup.</p></div><div id="S2.p2" class="para"><p id="idp268208" class="p">We now consider this model in the context of cosmology. At very
high temperatures, the symmetry is unbroken and the time average of
all scalar fields vanishes. Then, as the temperature decreases,
the symmetry is broken in direction of the neutral component <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp269072" alttext="\phi _{n}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp269744"><msub id="idp269872"><mi id="idp270000">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp270256">n</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp270512" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp270912"><csymbol id="idp271040" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp271600">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp271888">n</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp272144" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{n}</annotation></semantics></math>
at some critical temperature <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp272928" alttext="T_{{c}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp273600"><msub id="idp273728"><mi id="idp273856">T</mi><mi id="idp274112">c</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp274368" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp274736"><csymbol id="idp274864" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp275424">T</ci><ci id="idp275680">c</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp275936" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{c}}</annotation></semantics></math>, and embedded domain walls are formed.
As long as the photon field remains in thermal equilibrium, i.e. before
the time of last scattering, these embedded walls will persist due to
the finite plasma masses for the charged scalar fields.</p></div><div id="S2.p3" class="para"><p id="idp277552" class="p">In order to investigate the dynamics of the charged components <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp278224" alttext="\phi _{c}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp278896"><msub id="idp279024"><mi id="idp279152">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp279408">c</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp279664" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp280064"><csymbol id="idp280192" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp280752">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp281040">c</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp281296" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{c}</annotation></semantics></math>,
we set <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp282112" alttext="\phi _{n}=0" display="inline"><semantics id="idp282784"><mrow id="idp282912"><msub id="idp283040"><mi id="idp283168">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp283424">n</mi></msub><mo id="idp283680">=</mo><mn id="idp283936">0</mn></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp284192" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp284592"><eq id="idp284720"/><apply id="idp284848"><csymbol id="idp284976" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp285536">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp285824">n</ci></apply><cn id="idp286080" type="integer">0</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp286608" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{n}=0</annotation></semantics></math> for a while. Then, the local maximum of the potential
in the direction of the charged components is given by</p><table id="idp287424" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E2" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp288624" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp289024" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp289760" alttext="\phi _{{c,{\rm max}}}\sim\frac{gT}{\lambda}\,," display="block"><semantics id="idp290544"><mrow id="idp290672"><mrow id="idp290800"><msub id="idp290928"><mi id="idp291056">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp291312"><mi id="idp291440">c</mi><mo id="idp291696">,</mo><mi id="idp291952">max</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp292208">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp292464"><mrow id="idp292592"><mi id="idp292720">g</mi><mo id="idp292976">⁢</mo><mi id="idp293264">T</mi></mrow><mi id="idp293520">λ</mi></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp293808">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp294064" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp294464"><csymbol id="idp294592" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp295152"><csymbol id="idp295280" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp295840">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp296128"><list id="idp296256"/><ci id="idp296384">c</ci><ci id="idp296640">max</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp296896"><divide id="idp297024"/><apply id="idp297152"><times id="idp297280"/><ci id="idp297408">g</ci><ci id="idp297664">T</ci></apply><ci id="idp297920">λ</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp298208" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{{c,{\rm max}}}\sim\frac{gT}{\lambda}\,,</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp298800" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp299200" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp299968" class="refnum">2</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp300752" class="p">up to logarithmic corrections. On the other hand, the global minimum is
given by
</p><table id="idp301248" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E3" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp302448" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp302848" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp303584" alttext="\phi _{{c,{\rm min}}}\sim v-\frac{g^{2}T^{2}}{\lambda v}," display="block"><semantics id="idp304384"><mrow id="idp304512"><mrow id="idp304640"><msub id="idp304768"><mi id="idp304896">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp305152"><mi id="idp305280">c</mi><mo id="idp305536">,</mo><mi id="idp305792">min</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp306048">∼</mo><mrow id="idp306304"><mi id="idp306432">v</mi><mo id="idp306688">-</mo><mfrac id="idp306944"><mrow id="idp307072"><msup id="idp307200"><mi id="idp307328">g</mi><mn id="idp307584">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp307840">⁢</mo><msup id="idp308128"><mi id="idp308256">T</mi><mn id="idp308512">2</mn></msup></mrow><mrow id="idp308768"><mi id="idp308896">λ</mi><mo id="idp309184">⁢</mo><mi id="idp309472">v</mi></mrow></mfrac></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp309728">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp309984" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp310384"><csymbol id="idp310512" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp311072"><csymbol id="idp311200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp311760">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp312048"><list id="idp312176"/><ci id="idp312304">c</ci><ci id="idp312560">min</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp312816"><minus id="idp312944"/><ci id="idp313072">v</ci><apply id="idp313328"><divide id="idp313456"/><apply id="idp313584"><times id="idp313712"/><apply id="idp313840"><csymbol id="idp313968" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp314528">g</ci><cn id="idp314784" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp315312"><csymbol id="idp315440" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp316000">T</ci><cn id="idp316256" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp316784"><times id="idp316912"/><ci id="idp317040">λ</ci><ci id="idp317328">v</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp317584" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{{c,{\rm min}}}\sim v-\frac{g^{2}T^{2}}{\lambda v},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp318192" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp318592" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp319360" class="refnum">3</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp320144" class="p">which yields the potential energy</p><table id="idp320688" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E4" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp321888" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp322288" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp323024" alttext="V_{{\rm CW}}(\phi _{{c,{\rm min}}})\sim\frac{1}{2}g^{2}T^{2}v^{2}." display="block"><semantics id="idp323824"><mrow id="idp323952"><mrow id="idp324080"><mrow id="idp324208"><msub id="idp324336"><mi id="idp324464">V</mi><mi id="idp324720">CW</mi></msub><mo id="idp324976">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp325232" open="(" close=")"><msub id="idp325840"><mi id="idp325968">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp326224"><mi id="idp326352">c</mi><mo id="idp326608">,</mo><mi id="idp326864">min</mi></mrow></msub></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp327120">∼</mo><mrow id="idp327408"><mfrac id="idp327536"><mn id="idp327664">1</mn><mn id="idp327920">2</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp328176">⁢</mo><msup id="idp328464"><mi id="idp328592">g</mi><mn id="idp328848">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp329104">⁢</mo><msup id="idp329392"><mi id="idp329520">T</mi><mn id="idp329776">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp330032">⁢</mo><msup id="idp330320"><mi id="idp330448">v</mi><mn id="idp330704">2</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp330960">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp331216" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp331616"><csymbol id="idp331744" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp332304"><times id="idp332432"/><apply id="idp332560"><csymbol id="idp332688" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp333248">V</ci><ci id="idp333504">CW</ci></apply><apply id="idp333760"><csymbol id="idp333888" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp334448">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp334736"><list id="idp334864"/><ci id="idp334992">c</ci><ci id="idp335248">min</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp335504"><times id="idp335632"/><apply id="idp335760"><divide id="idp335888"/><cn id="idp336016" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp336544" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp337072"><csymbol id="idp337200" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp337760">g</ci><cn id="idp338016" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp338544"><csymbol id="idp338672" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp339232">T</ci><cn id="idp339488" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp340016"><csymbol id="idp340144" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp340704">v</ci><cn id="idp340960" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp341488" encoding="application/x-tex">V_{{\rm CW}}(\phi _{{c,{\rm min}}})\sim\frac{1}{2}g^{2}T^{2}v^{2}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp342096" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp342496" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp343264" class="refnum">4</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp344048" class="p">Here we have assumed</p><table id="idp344576" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E5" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp345776" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp346176" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp346912" alttext="g\, T\ll\sqrt{\lambda}\, v." display="block"><semantics id="idp347680"><mrow id="idp347808"><mrow id="idp347936"><mrow id="idp348064"><mpadded id="idp348192" width="+1.666667pt"><mi id="idp348560">g</mi></mpadded><mo id="idp348816">⁢</mo><mi id="idp349072">T</mi></mrow><mo id="idp349328">≪</mo><mrow id="idp349616"><msqrt id="idp349744"><mi id="idp349872">λ</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp350160">⁢</mo><mi id="idp350448">v</mi></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp350704">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp350960" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp351360"><csymbol id="idp351488" cd="latexml">much-less-than</csymbol><apply id="idp352048"><times id="idp352176"/><ci id="idp352304">g</ci><ci id="idp352560">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp352816"><times id="idp352944"/><apply id="idp353072"><root id="idp353200"/><ci id="idp353328">λ</ci></apply><ci id="idp353616">v</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp353872" encoding="application/x-tex">g\, T\ll\sqrt{\lambda}\, v.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp354448" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp354848" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp355616" class="refnum">5</span>)</td></tr>
      </table></div><div id="S2.p4" class="para"><p id="idp357072" class="p">The width of the domain wall is determined by the balance between the
potential energy and the surface tension, and is given by</p><table id="idp357712" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E6" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp358912" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp359312" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp360048" alttext="\delta _{{b}}\sim\frac{1}{\sqrt{\lambda}\, v}," display="block"><semantics id="idp360832"><mrow id="idp360960"><mrow id="idp361088"><msub id="idp361216"><mi id="idp361344">δ</mi><mi id="idp361600">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp361856">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp362112"><mn id="idp362240">1</mn><mrow id="idp362496"><msqrt id="idp362624"><mi id="idp362752">λ</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp363040">⁢</mo><mi id="idp363328">v</mi></mrow></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp363584">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp363840" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp364240"><csymbol id="idp364368" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp364928"><csymbol id="idp365056" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp365616">δ</ci><ci id="idp365904">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp366160"><divide id="idp366288"/><cn id="idp366416" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp366944"><times id="idp367072"/><apply id="idp367200"><root id="idp367328"/><ci id="idp367456">λ</ci></apply><ci id="idp367744">v</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp368000" encoding="application/x-tex">\delta _{{b}}\sim\frac{1}{\sqrt{\lambda}\, v},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp368592" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp368992" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp369760" class="refnum">6</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp370544" class="p">which yields the energy per area <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp371184" alttext="\sigma _{{b}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp371904"><msub id="idp372032"><mi id="idp372160">σ</mi><mi id="idp372416">b</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp372672" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp373072"><csymbol id="idp373200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp373760">σ</ci><ci id="idp374048">b</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp374304" encoding="application/x-tex">\sigma _{{b}}</annotation></semantics></math> of the domain wall,</p><table id="idp375024" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E7" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp376224" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp376624" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp377360" alttext="\sigma _{{b}}\sim\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3}." display="block"><semantics id="idp378144"><mrow id="idp378272"><mrow id="idp378400"><msub id="idp378528"><mi id="idp378656">σ</mi><mi id="idp378912">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp379168">∼</mo><mrow id="idp379424"><msqrt id="idp379552"><mi id="idp379680">λ</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp379968">⁢</mo><msup id="idp380256"><mi id="idp380384">v</mi><mn id="idp380640">3</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp380896">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp381152" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp381552"><csymbol id="idp381680" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp382240"><csymbol id="idp382368" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp382928">σ</ci><ci id="idp383216">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp383472"><times id="idp383600"/><apply id="idp383728"><root id="idp383856"/><ci id="idp383984">λ</ci></apply><apply id="idp384272"><csymbol id="idp384400" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp384960">v</ci><cn id="idp385216" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp385744" encoding="application/x-tex">\sigma _{{b}}\sim\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp386336" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp386736" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp387504" class="refnum">7</span>)</td></tr>
      </table></div><div id="S2.p5" class="para"><p id="idp388960" class="p">After some relaxation period, the dynamics of the walls obeys the “scaling
solution”. In the scaling regime, the typical curvature radius of
the string network grows
with the Hubble radius <span id="idp389856" class="note footnote"><sup id="idp390256" class="mark">1</sup><span id="idp390784" class="note_content_outer"><span id="idp391184" class="note_content"><sup id="idp391584" class="mark">1</sup>Such scaling properties have been
confirmed for local strings <cite id="idp392320" class="cite"><a id="idp392720" href="#bib.bib21" title="" class="ref">(21)</a></cite>, global strings <cite id="idp393920" class="cite"><a id="idp394320" href="#bib.bib22" title="" class="ref">(22)</a></cite>,
and global monopoles <cite id="idp395520" class="cite"><a id="idp395920" href="#bib.bib23" title="" class="ref">(23)</a></cite>.</span></span></span>
and a few domain walls of Hubble size
will exist per Hubble volume <cite id="idp397296" class="cite"><a id="idp397696" href="#bib.bib24" title="" class="ref">(24)</a></cite>. Then, the energy density of
the domain wall network can be roughly estimated to be</p><table id="idp398864" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E8" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp400064" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp400464" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp401296" alttext="\rho _{{b,{\rm DW}}}\sim c_{b}\,\frac{\sigma _{b}t^{2}}{t^{3}}\sim c_{b}\,\frac{\sigma _{b}}{t}," display="block"><semantics id="idp402128"><mrow id="idp402256"><mrow id="idp402384"><msub id="idp402512"><mi id="idp402640">ρ</mi><mrow id="idp402896"><mi id="idp403024">b</mi><mo id="idp403280">,</mo><mi id="idp403536">DW</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp403792">∼</mo><mrow id="idp404048"><msub id="idp404176"><mi id="idp404304">c</mi><mi id="idp404560">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp404816">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp405104"><mrow id="idp405232"><msub id="idp405360"><mi id="idp405488">σ</mi><mi id="idp405776">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp406032">⁢</mo><msup id="idp406320"><mi id="idp406448">t</mi><mn id="idp406704">2</mn></msup></mrow><msup id="idp406960"><mi id="idp407088">t</mi><mn id="idp407344">3</mn></msup></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp407600">∼</mo><mrow id="idp407888"><msub id="idp408016"><mi id="idp408144">c</mi><mi id="idp408400">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp408656">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp408944"><msub id="idp409072"><mi id="idp409200">σ</mi><mi id="idp409488">b</mi></msub><mi id="idp409744">t</mi></mfrac></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp410000">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp410256" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp410656"><and id="idp410784"/><apply id="idp410912"><csymbol id="idp411040" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp411600"><csymbol id="idp411728" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp412288">ρ</ci><apply id="idp412576"><list id="idp412704"/><ci id="idp412832">b</ci><ci id="idp413088">DW</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp413344" xml:id="S2.E8.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp413872"/><apply id="idp414000"><csymbol id="idp414128" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp414656">c</ci><ci id="idp414912">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp415168"><divide id="idp415296"/><apply id="idp415424"><times id="idp415552"/><apply id="idp415680"><csymbol id="idp415808" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp416368">σ</ci><ci id="idp416656">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp416912"><csymbol id="idp417040" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp417600">t</ci><cn id="idp417856" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp418384"><csymbol id="idp418512" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp419072">t</ci><cn id="idp419328" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp419856"><csymbol id="idp419984" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp420544" href="#S2.E8.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp420944" xml:id="S2.E8.m1.sh2.cmml"><times id="idp421472"/><apply id="idp421600"><csymbol id="idp421728" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp422256">c</ci><ci id="idp422512">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp422768"><divide id="idp422896"/><apply id="idp423024"><csymbol id="idp423152" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp423712">σ</ci><ci id="idp424000">b</ci></apply><ci id="idp424256">t</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp424512" encoding="application/x-tex">\rho _{{b,{\rm DW}}}\sim c_{b}\,\frac{\sigma _{b}t^{2}}{t^{3}}\sim c_{b}\,\frac{\sigma _{b}}{t},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp425152" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp425552" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp426320" class="refnum">8</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp427152" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp427776" alttext="c_{b}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp428496"><msub id="idp428624"><mi id="idp428752">c</mi><mi id="idp429008">b</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp429264" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp429632"><csymbol id="idp429760" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp430320">c</ci><ci id="idp430576">b</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp430832" encoding="application/x-tex">c_{b}</annotation></semantics></math> is a constant of order unity. On the other hand, the total
energy density of the universe is given by
</p><table id="idp431632" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E9" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp432832" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp433232" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp433968" alttext="\rho _{{\rm total}}\sim d\,\frac{M_{G}^{2}}{t^{2}}," display="block"><semantics id="idp434752"><mrow id="idp434880"><mrow id="idp435008"><msub id="idp435136"><mi id="idp435264">ρ</mi><mi id="idp435520">total</mi></msub><mo id="idp435776">∼</mo><mrow id="idp436064"><mpadded id="idp436192" width="+1.666667pt"><mi id="idp436592">d</mi></mpadded><mo id="idp436848">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp437136"><msubsup id="idp437264"><mi id="idp437392">M</mi><mi id="idp437648">G</mi><mn id="idp437952">2</mn></msubsup><msup id="idp438208"><mi id="idp438336">t</mi><mn id="idp438592">2</mn></msup></mfrac></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp438848">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp439104" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp439504"><csymbol id="idp439632" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp440192"><csymbol id="idp440320" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp440880">ρ</ci><ci id="idp441168">total</ci></apply><apply id="idp441456"><times id="idp441584"/><ci id="idp441712">d</ci><apply id="idp441968"><divide id="idp442096"/><apply id="idp442224"><csymbol id="idp442352" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp442912"><csymbol id="idp443040" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp443600">M</ci><ci id="idp443856">G</ci></apply><cn id="idp444112" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp444640"><csymbol id="idp444768" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp445328">t</ci><cn id="idp445584" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp446112" encoding="application/x-tex">\rho _{{\rm total}}\sim d\,\frac{M_{G}^{2}}{t^{2}},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp446704" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp447104" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp447872" class="refnum">9</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp448704" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp449328" alttext="d" display="inline"><semantics id="idp450048"><mi id="idp450176">d</mi><annotation-xml id="idp450432" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp450800">d</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp451056" encoding="application/x-tex">d</annotation></semantics></math> is a number of order unity and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp451824" alttext="M_{G}\simeq 2.4\times 10^{{18}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp452592"><mrow id="idp452720"><msub id="idp452848"><mi id="idp452976">M</mi><mi id="idp453232">G</mi></msub><mo id="idp453488">≃</mo><mrow id="idp453744"><mn id="idp453872">2.4</mn><mo id="idp454128">×</mo><msup id="idp454384"><mn id="idp454512">10</mn><mn id="idp454768">18</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp455024" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp455424"><csymbol id="idp455552" cd="latexml">similar-to-or-equals</csymbol><apply id="idp456112"><csymbol id="idp456240" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp456800">M</ci><ci id="idp457056">G</ci></apply><apply id="idp457312"><times id="idp457440"/><cn id="idp457568" type="float">2.4</cn><apply id="idp458096"><csymbol id="idp458224" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><cn id="idp458784" type="integer">10</cn><cn id="idp459312" type="integer">18</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp459840" encoding="application/x-tex">M_{G}\simeq 2.4\times 10^{{18}}</annotation></semantics></math> GeV is the reduced Planck scale. Thus, the time <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp460704" alttext="t_{{\rm eq}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp461424"><msub id="idp461552"><mi id="idp461680">t</mi><mi id="idp461936">eq</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp462192" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp462560"><csymbol id="idp462688" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp463248">t</ci><ci id="idp463504">eq</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp463760" encoding="application/x-tex">t_{{\rm eq}}</annotation></semantics></math>
when domain walls start to dominate the energy density of the universe
is given by</p><table id="idp464448" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E10" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp465648" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp466048" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp466880" alttext="t_{{\rm eq}}\sim M_{G}^{2}/\sigma _{b}\sim M_{G}^{2}/(\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3})" display="block"><semantics id="idp467600"><mrow id="idp467728"><msub id="idp467856"><mi id="idp467984">t</mi><mi id="idp468240">eq</mi></msub><mo id="idp468496">∼</mo><mrow id="idp468752"><msubsup id="idp468880"><mi id="idp469008">M</mi><mi id="idp469264">G</mi><mn id="idp469520">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp469776">/</mo><msub id="idp470032"><mi id="idp470160">σ</mi><mi id="idp470416">b</mi></msub></mrow><mo id="idp470672">∼</mo><mrow id="idp470960"><msubsup id="idp471088"><mi id="idp471216">M</mi><mi id="idp471472">G</mi><mn id="idp471728">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp471984">/</mo><mfenced id="idp472240" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp472848"><msqrt id="idp472976"><mi id="idp473104">λ</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp473392">⁢</mo><msup id="idp473680"><mi id="idp473808">v</mi><mn id="idp474064">3</mn></msup></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp474320" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp474720"><and id="idp474848"/><apply id="idp474976"><csymbol id="idp475104" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp475664"><csymbol id="idp475792" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp476352">t</ci><ci id="idp476608">eq</ci></apply><apply id="idp476864" xml:id="S2.E10.m1.sh1.cmml"><divide id="idp477440"/><apply id="idp477568"><csymbol id="idp477696" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp478224"><csymbol id="idp478352" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp478912">M</ci><ci id="idp479168">G</ci></apply><cn id="idp479424" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp479952"><csymbol id="idp480080" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp480640">σ</ci><ci id="idp480928">b</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp481184"><csymbol id="idp481312" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp481872" href="#S2.E10.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp482272" xml:id="S2.E10.m1.sh2.cmml"><divide id="idp482800"/><apply id="idp482928"><csymbol id="idp483056" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp483584"><csymbol id="idp483712" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp484272">M</ci><ci id="idp484528">G</ci></apply><cn id="idp484784" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp485312"><times id="idp485440"/><apply id="idp485568"><root id="idp485696"/><ci id="idp485824">λ</ci></apply><apply id="idp486112"><csymbol id="idp486240" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp486800">v</ci><cn id="idp487056" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp487584" encoding="application/x-tex">t_{{\rm eq}}\sim M_{G}^{2}/\sigma _{b}\sim M_{G}^{2}/(\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3})</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp488208" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp488608" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp489376" class="refnum">10</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp490160" class="p">up to numerical coefficients, which corresponds to
the temperature</p><table id="idp490736" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E11" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp491936" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp492336" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp493168" alttext="T_{{\rm eq}}\sim\sqrt{\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3}/M_{G}}\,." display="block"><semantics id="idp493952"><mrow id="idp494080"><mrow id="idp494208"><msub id="idp494336"><mi id="idp494464">T</mi><mi id="idp494720">eq</mi></msub><mo id="idp494976">∼</mo><msqrt id="idp495232"><mrow id="idp495360"><mrow id="idp495488"><msqrt id="idp495616"><mi id="idp495744">λ</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp496000">⁢</mo><msup id="idp496288"><mi id="idp496416">v</mi><mn id="idp496672">3</mn></msup></mrow><mo id="idp496928">/</mo><msub id="idp497184"><mi id="idp497312">M</mi><mi id="idp497568">G</mi></msub></mrow></msqrt></mrow><mo id="idp497824">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp498080" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp498480"><csymbol id="idp498608" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp499168"><csymbol id="idp499296" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp499856">T</ci><ci id="idp500112">eq</ci></apply><apply id="idp500368"><root id="idp500496"/><apply id="idp500624"><divide id="idp500752"/><apply id="idp500880"><times id="idp501008"/><apply id="idp501136"><root id="idp501264"/><ci id="idp501392">λ</ci></apply><apply id="idp501680"><csymbol id="idp501808" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp502368">v</ci><cn id="idp502624" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp503152"><csymbol id="idp503280" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp503840">M</ci><ci id="idp504096">G</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp504352" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm eq}}\sim\sqrt{\sqrt{\lambda}\, v^{3}/M_{G}}\,.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp504944" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp505344" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp506112" class="refnum">11</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp506896" class="p">We have assumed that the universe is in the radiation dominated epoch.</p></div><div id="S2.p6" class="para"><p id="idp508144" class="p">The origin of the potential energy in the string core is the
fact that the thermal masses induce local minimum in the direction of
the charged components with nonvanishing potential energy.
Though the effective
mass squared at the origin is always positive, the potential barrier
decreases as the universe expands, and thus can
be overcome due to thermal fluctuations below some critical temperature
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp509152" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp509872"><msub id="idp510000"><mi id="idp510128">T</mi><mi id="idp510384">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp510640" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp511040"><csymbol id="idp511168" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp511728">T</ci><ci id="idp511984">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp512272" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math>. Then, a core phase transition <cite id="idp513008" class="cite"><a id="idp513408" href="#bib.bib19" title="" class="ref">(19)</a></cite> takes place.
Note that, even after the core phase transition, the domain wall
configurations persist due to the small thermal masses. However,
the properties of the walls are changed
significantly. For example, the width of the wall after the core phase
transition is given by</p><table id="idp514864" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E12" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp516064" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp516464" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp517200" alttext="\delta _{{a}}\sim\frac{1}{gT}," display="block"><semantics id="idp517968"><mrow id="idp518096"><mrow id="idp518224"><msub id="idp518352"><mi id="idp518480">δ</mi><mi id="idp518736">a</mi></msub><mo id="idp518992">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp519248"><mn id="idp519376">1</mn><mrow id="idp519632"><mi id="idp519760">g</mi><mo id="idp520016">⁢</mo><mi id="idp520304">T</mi></mrow></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp520560">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp520816" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp521216"><csymbol id="idp521344" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp521904"><csymbol id="idp522032" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp522592">δ</ci><ci id="idp522880">a</ci></apply><apply id="idp523136"><divide id="idp523264"/><cn id="idp523392" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp523920"><times id="idp524048"/><ci id="idp524176">g</ci><ci id="idp524432">T</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp524688" encoding="application/x-tex">\delta _{{a}}\sim\frac{1}{gT},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp525264" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp525664" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp526432" class="refnum">12</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp527216" class="p">and the energy per area <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp527856" alttext="\sigma _{{a}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp528576"><msub id="idp528704"><mi id="idp528832">σ</mi><mi id="idp529088">a</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp529344" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp529744"><csymbol id="idp529872" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp530432">σ</ci><ci id="idp530720">a</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp530976" encoding="application/x-tex">\sigma _{{a}}</annotation></semantics></math> of the wall becomes</p><table id="idp531696" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E13" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp532896" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp533296" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp534032" alttext="\sigma _{{a}}\sim gv^{2}T\propto T." display="block"><semantics id="idp534800"><mrow id="idp534928"><mrow id="idp535056"><msub id="idp535184"><mi id="idp535312">σ</mi><mi id="idp535568">a</mi></msub><mo id="idp535824">∼</mo><mrow id="idp536080"><mi id="idp536208">g</mi><mo id="idp536464">⁢</mo><msup id="idp536752"><mi id="idp536880">v</mi><mn id="idp537136">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp537392">⁢</mo><mi id="idp537680">T</mi></mrow><mo id="idp537936">∝</mo><mi id="idp538224">T</mi></mrow><mo id="idp538480">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp538736" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp539136"><and id="idp539264"/><apply id="idp539392"><csymbol id="idp539520" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp540080"><csymbol id="idp540208" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp540768">σ</ci><ci id="idp541056">a</ci></apply><apply id="idp541312" xml:id="S2.E13.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp541840"/><ci id="idp541968">g</ci><apply id="idp542224"><csymbol id="idp542352" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp542880">v</ci><cn id="idp543136" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp543664">T</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp543920"><csymbol id="idp544048" cd="latexml">proportional-to</csymbol><share id="idp544608" href="#S2.E13.m1.sh1.cmml"/><ci id="idp545008" xml:id="S2.E13.m1.sh2.cmml">T</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp549712" encoding="application/x-tex">\sigma _{{a}}\sim gv^{2}T\propto T.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp550208" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp550608" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp551376" class="refnum">13</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp552208" class="p">Note that <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp552928" alttext="\sigma _{{a}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp553648"><msub id="idp553776"><mi id="idp553904">σ</mi><mi id="idp554160">a</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp554416" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp554816"><csymbol id="idp554944" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp555504">σ</ci><ci id="idp555792">a</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp556048" encoding="application/x-tex">\sigma _{{a}}</annotation></semantics></math> decreases in proportion to the temperature.  The
present energy density of such a domain wall network is estimated to be
</p><table id="idp556880" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E14" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp558080" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp558480" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp559216" alttext="\rho _{{a,{\rm DW}}}\sim c_{a}\frac{\sigma _{a}}{t_{0}}\sim c_{a}gv^{2}\frac{T_{0}}{t_{0}}," display="block"><semantics id="idp560048"><mrow id="idp560176"><mrow id="idp560304"><msub id="idp560432"><mi id="idp560560">ρ</mi><mrow id="idp560816"><mi id="idp560944">a</mi><mo id="idp561200">,</mo><mi id="idp561456">DW</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp561712">∼</mo><mrow id="idp561968"><msub id="idp562096"><mi id="idp562224">c</mi><mi id="idp562480">a</mi></msub><mo id="idp562736">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp563024"><msub id="idp563152"><mi id="idp563280">σ</mi><mi id="idp563568">a</mi></msub><msub id="idp563824"><mi id="idp563952">t</mi><mn id="idp564208">0</mn></msub></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp564464">∼</mo><mrow id="idp564752"><msub id="idp564880"><mi id="idp565008">c</mi><mi id="idp565264">a</mi></msub><mo id="idp565520">⁢</mo><mi id="idp565808">g</mi><mo id="idp566064">⁢</mo><msup id="idp566352"><mi id="idp566480">v</mi><mn id="idp566736">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp566992">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp567280"><msub id="idp567408"><mi id="idp567536">T</mi><mn id="idp567792">0</mn></msub><msub id="idp568048"><mi id="idp568176">t</mi><mn id="idp568432">0</mn></msub></mfrac></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp568688">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp568944" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp569344"><and id="idp569472"/><apply id="idp569600"><csymbol id="idp569728" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp570288"><csymbol id="idp570416" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp570976">ρ</ci><apply id="idp571264"><list id="idp571392"/><ci id="idp571520">a</ci><ci id="idp571776">DW</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp572032" xml:id="S2.E14.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp572560"/><apply id="idp572688"><csymbol id="idp572816" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp573344">c</ci><ci id="idp573600">a</ci></apply><apply id="idp573856"><divide id="idp573984"/><apply id="idp574112"><csymbol id="idp574240" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp574800">σ</ci><ci id="idp575088">a</ci></apply><apply id="idp575344"><csymbol id="idp575472" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp576032">t</ci><cn id="idp576288" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp576816"><csymbol id="idp576944" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp577504" href="#S2.E14.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp577904" xml:id="S2.E14.m1.sh2.cmml"><times id="idp578496"/><apply id="idp578624"><csymbol id="idp578752" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp579280">c</ci><ci id="idp579536">a</ci></apply><ci id="idp579792">g</ci><apply id="idp580048"><csymbol id="idp580176" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp580736">v</ci><cn id="idp580992" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp581520"><divide id="idp581648"/><apply id="idp581776"><csymbol id="idp581904" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp582464">T</ci><cn id="idp582720" type="integer">0</cn></apply><apply id="idp583248"><csymbol id="idp583376" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp583936">t</ci><cn id="idp584192" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp584720" encoding="application/x-tex">\rho _{{a,{\rm DW}}}\sim c_{a}\frac{\sigma _{a}}{t_{0}}\sim c_{a}gv^{2}\frac{T_{0}}{t_{0}},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp585360" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp585760" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp586528" class="refnum">14</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp587312" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp587936" alttext="c_{a}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp588656"><msub id="idp588784"><mi id="idp588912">c</mi><mi id="idp589168">a</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp589424" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp589792"><csymbol id="idp589920" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp590480">c</ci><ci id="idp590736">a</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp590992" encoding="application/x-tex">c_{a}</annotation></semantics></math> is a constant of order unity, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp591824" alttext="t_{0}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp592544"><msub id="idp592672"><mi id="idp592800">t</mi><mn id="idp593056">0</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp593312" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp593680"><csymbol id="idp593808" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp594368">t</ci><cn id="idp594624" type="integer">0</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp595152" encoding="application/x-tex">t_{0}</annotation></semantics></math> is the present time, and
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp595984" alttext="T_{0}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp596704"><msub id="idp596832"><mi id="idp596960">T</mi><mn id="idp597216">0</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp597472" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp597840"><csymbol id="idp597968" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp598528">T</ci><cn id="idp598784" type="integer">0</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp599312" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{0}</annotation></semantics></math> is the present temperature of the cosmic microwave background
radiation. Then, the condition that these domain walls should not
overdominate the universe becomes</p><table id="idp600176" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E15" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp601376" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp601776" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp602512" alttext="\sqrt{g}v\ll 10^{4}{\rm GeV}." display="block"><semantics id="idp603280"><mrow id="idp603408"><mrow id="idp603536"><mrow id="idp603664"><msqrt id="idp603792"><mi id="idp603920">g</mi></msqrt><mo id="idp604176">⁢</mo><mi id="idp604432">v</mi></mrow><mo id="idp604688">≪</mo><mrow id="idp604944"><msup id="idp605072"><mn id="idp605200">10</mn><mn id="idp605456">4</mn></msup><mo id="idp605712">⁢</mo><mi id="idp606000">GeV</mi></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp606304">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp606560" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp606960"><csymbol id="idp607088" cd="latexml">much-less-than</csymbol><apply id="idp607648"><times id="idp607776"/><apply id="idp607904"><root id="idp608032"/><ci id="idp608160">g</ci></apply><ci id="idp608416">v</ci></apply><apply id="idp608672"><times id="idp608800"/><apply id="idp608928"><csymbol id="idp609056" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><cn id="idp609616" type="integer">10</cn><cn id="idp610144" type="integer">4</cn></apply><ci id="idp610672">GeV</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp610928" encoding="application/x-tex">\sqrt{g}v\ll 10^{4}{\rm GeV}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp611504" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp611904" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp612672" class="refnum">15</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp613456" class="p">Thus, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp614080" alttext="v" display="inline"><semantics id="idp614800"><mi id="idp614928">v</mi><annotation-xml id="idp615184" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp615552">v</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp615808" encoding="application/x-tex">v</annotation></semantics></math> can be higher than the electroweak scale without encountering
an overabundance problem <span id="idp616544" class="note footnote"><sup id="idp616944" class="mark">2</sup><span id="idp617472" class="note_content_outer"><span id="idp617872" class="note_content"><sup id="idp618272" class="mark">2</sup>In
previous papers <cite id="idp618960" class="cite"><a id="idp619360" href="#bib.bib18" title="" class="ref">(18)</a>; <a id="idp620528" href="#bib.bib25" title="" class="ref">(25)</a>; <a id="idp621696" href="#bib.bib26" title="" class="ref">(26)</a></cite>, it was assumed that embedded defects
stabilized by thermal plasmas decay after recombination. However,
the scalar fields have effective masses as long as the root mean square
of the photon fields is nonzero, whether or not these fields actually
interact. Thus, though a more detailed analysis is needed, it is expected that
the effective masses will not disappear and the embedded defects will
remain stable even after recombination. If the embedded domain walls
disappear after recombination, there will be no domain wall problem, but
even if they do not, the problem is relaxed significantly, as shown in
this paper.</span></span></span></p></div><div id="S2.p7" class="para"><p id="idp624176" class="p">In order to obtain the critical temperature <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp624832" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp625552"><msub id="idp625680"><mi id="idp625808">T</mi><mi id="idp626064">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp626320" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp626720"><csymbol id="idp626848" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp627408">T</ci><ci id="idp627664">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp627952" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math> when the core
phase transition takes place, we estimate the transition rate. The
transition occurs through bubble nucleation due to thermal
fluctuations. The typical radius <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp628928" alttext="r_{b}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp629648"><msub id="idp629776"><mi id="idp629904">r</mi><mi id="idp630160">b</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp630416" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp630784"><csymbol id="idp630912" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp631472">r</ci><ci id="idp631728">b</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp631984" encoding="application/x-tex">r_{b}</annotation></semantics></math> of a bubble (strictly speaking,
the thickness of the bubble wall) is given by the curvature of the
potential at the top of the potential barrier, which is estimated as</p><table id="idp632864" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E16" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp634064" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp634464" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp635200" alttext="r_{b}\sim\frac{1}{\sqrt{\left|\frac{\partial^{2}V_{{CW}}}{\partial\phi _{c}^{2}}(\phi _{{c,{\rm max}}})\right|}}\sim\frac{1}{gT}." display="block"><semantics id="idp636064"><mrow id="idp636192"><mrow id="idp636320"><msub id="idp636448"><mi id="idp636576">r</mi><mi id="idp636832">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp637088">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp637344"><mn id="idp637472">1</mn><msqrt id="idp637728"><mfenced id="idp637856" open="|" close="|"><mrow id="idp638464"><mfrac id="idp638592"><mrow id="idp638720"><msup id="idp638848"><mo id="idp638976">∂</mo><mn id="idp639232">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp639488">⁡</mo><msub id="idp639776"><mi id="idp639904">V</mi><mrow id="idp640160"><mi id="idp640288">C</mi><mo id="idp640544">⁢</mo><mi id="idp640832">W</mi></mrow></msub></mrow><mrow id="idp641088"><mo id="idp641216">∂</mo><mo id="idp641504">⁡</mo><msubsup id="idp641792"><mi id="idp641920">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp642208">c</mi><mn id="idp642464">2</mn></msubsup></mrow></mfrac><mo id="idp642720">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp643008" open="(" close=")"><msub id="idp643616"><mi id="idp643744">ϕ</mi><mrow id="idp644032"><mi id="idp644160">c</mi><mo id="idp644416">,</mo><mi id="idp644672">max</mi></mrow></msub></mfenced></mrow></mfenced></msqrt></mfrac><mo id="idp644928">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp645216"><mn id="idp645344">1</mn><mrow id="idp645600"><mi id="idp645728">g</mi><mo id="idp645984">⁢</mo><mi id="idp646272">T</mi></mrow></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp646528">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp646784" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp647184"><and id="idp647312"/><apply id="idp647440"><csymbol id="idp647568" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp648128"><csymbol id="idp648256" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp648816">r</ci><ci id="idp649072">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp649328" xml:id="S2.E16.m1.sh1.cmml"><divide id="idp649856"/><cn id="idp649984" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp650480"><root id="idp650608"/><apply id="idp650736"><abs id="idp650864"/><apply id="idp650992"><times id="idp651120"/><apply id="idp651248"><divide id="idp651376"/><apply id="idp651504"><apply id="idp651632"><csymbol id="idp651760" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><partialdiff id="idp652320"/><cn id="idp652448" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp652976"><csymbol id="idp653104" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp653664">V</ci><apply id="idp653920"><times id="idp654048"/><ci id="idp654176">C</ci><ci id="idp654432">W</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp654688"><partialdiff id="idp654816"/><apply id="idp654944"><csymbol id="idp655072" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp655632"><csymbol id="idp655760" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp656320">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp656608">c</ci></apply><cn id="idp656864" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp657392"><csymbol id="idp657520" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp658080">ϕ</ci><apply id="idp658368"><list id="idp658496"/><ci id="idp658624">c</ci><ci id="idp658880">max</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp659136"><csymbol id="idp659264" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp659824" href="#S2.E16.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp660224" xml:id="S2.E16.m1.sh2.cmml"><divide id="idp660752"/><cn id="idp660880" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp661376"><times id="idp661504"/><ci id="idp661632">g</ci><ci id="idp661888">T</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp662144" encoding="application/x-tex">r_{b}\sim\frac{1}{\sqrt{\left|\frac{\partial^{2}V_{{CW}}}{\partial\phi _{c}^{2}}(\phi _{{c,{\rm max}}})\right|}}\sim\frac{1}{gT}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp662816" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp663216" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp663984" class="refnum">16</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp664768" class="p">In the high temperature approximation, the transition rate <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp665440" alttext="\Gamma" display="inline"><semantics id="idp666160"><mi id="idp666288" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><annotation-xml id="idp666816" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp667216">Γ</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp667504" encoding="application/x-tex">\Gamma</annotation></semantics></math> is
found by considering the three dimensional Euclidean action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp668368" alttext="S_{3}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp669088"><msub id="idp669216"><mi id="idp669344">S</mi><mn id="idp669600">3</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp669856" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp670224"><csymbol id="idp670352" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp670912">S</ci><cn id="idp671168" type="integer">3</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp671696" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{3}</annotation></semantics></math>
<cite id="idp672384" class="cite"><a id="idp672784" href="#bib.bib27" title="" class="ref">(27)</a></cite>,</p><table id="idp673952" class="equationgroup eqnarray">
      <tr id="S2.E17" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp675152" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp675552" colspan="1" class="td right"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp676288" alttext="\displaystyle\Gamma\propto\exp\left(-S_{E}\right)," display="inline"><semantics id="idp677072"><mrow id="idp677200"><mrow id="idp677328"><mi id="idp677456" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp677952">∝</mo><mrow id="idp678240"><mi id="idp678368">exp</mi><mo id="idp678624">⁡</mo><mfenced id="idp678912" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp679520"><mo id="idp679648">-</mo><msub id="idp679904"><mi id="idp680032">S</mi><mi id="idp680288">E</mi></msub></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp680544">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp680800" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp681200"><csymbol id="idp681328" cd="latexml">proportional-to</csymbol><ci id="idp681888">Γ</ci><apply id="idp682176"><exp id="idp682304"/><apply id="idp682432"><minus id="idp682560"/><apply id="idp682688"><csymbol id="idp682816" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp683376">S</ci><ci id="idp683632">E</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp683888" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle\Gamma\propto\exp\left(-S_{E}\right),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp684480" colspan="1" class="td"/><td id="idp685088" colspan="1" class="td"/><td id="idp685696" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp686096" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp686864" class="refnum">17</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp687696" class="p">where the Euclidean action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp688336" alttext="S_{E}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp689056"><msub id="idp689184"><mi id="idp689312">S</mi><mi id="idp689568">E</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp689824" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp690192"><csymbol id="idp690320" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp690880">S</ci><ci id="idp691136">E</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp691392" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{E}</annotation></semantics></math> is approximated as
</p><table id="idp692112" class="equationgroup eqnarray">
      <tr id="S2.E18" class="equation baseline tr"><td id="idp693312" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp693712" colspan="1" class="td right"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp694448" alttext="\displaystyle S_{E}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp695168"><msub id="idp695296"><mi id="idp695424">S</mi><mi id="idp695680">E</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp695936" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp696304"><csymbol id="idp696432" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp696992">S</ci><ci id="idp697248">E</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp697504" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle S_{E}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp698064" colspan="1" class="td center"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp698800" alttext="\displaystyle=" display="inline"><semantics id="idp699520"><mo id="idp699648">=</mo><annotation-xml id="idp699904" encoding="MathML-Content"><eq id="idp700272"/></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp700400" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle=</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp700960" colspan="1" class="td left"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp701696" alttext="\displaystyle\frac{S_{3}}{T}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp702464"><mstyle id="idp702640" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp703008"><msub id="idp703136"><mi id="idp703264">S</mi><mn id="idp703520">3</mn></msub><mi id="idp703776">T</mi></mfrac></mstyle><annotation-xml id="idp704032" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp704400"><divide id="idp704528"/><apply id="idp704656"><csymbol id="idp704784" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp705344">S</ci><cn id="idp705600" type="integer">3</cn></apply><ci id="idp706128">T</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp706384" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle\frac{S_{3}}{T}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp706960" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp707360" rowspan="2" class="middle right">(<span id="idp708128" class="refnum">18</span>)</td></tr><tr id="idp708784" class="tr baseline"><td id="idp709184" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp709584" colspan="1" class="td right"/><td id="idp710224" colspan="1" class="td center"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp710960" alttext="\displaystyle=" display="inline"><semantics id="idp711680"><mo id="idp711808">=</mo><annotation-xml id="idp712064" encoding="MathML-Content"><eq id="idp712432"/></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp712560" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle=</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp713120" colspan="1" class="td left"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp713856" alttext="\displaystyle\frac{1}{T}\int d^{3}x\left[\frac{1}{2}\left(\nabla\phi\right)^{2}+V_{{CW}}(\phi _{c})-V_{{CW}}(0)\right]." display="inline"><semantics id="idp714704"><mrow id="idp714832"><mrow id="idp714960"><mstyle id="idp715088" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp715456"><mn id="idp715584">1</mn><mi id="idp715840">T</mi></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp716096">⁢</mo><mrow id="idp716352"><mo id="idp716480">∫</mo><msup id="idp716768"><mi id="idp716896">d</mi><mn id="idp717152">3</mn></msup><mo id="idp717408">⁢</mo><mi id="idp717696">x</mi><mo id="idp717952">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp718240" open="[" close="]"><mrow id="idp718896"><mrow id="idp719024"><mstyle id="idp719152" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp719552"><mn id="idp719680">1</mn><mn id="idp719936">2</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp720192">⁢</mo><msup id="idp720480"><mfenced id="idp720608" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp721216"><mo id="idp721344">∇</mo><mo id="idp721632">⁡</mo><mi id="idp721920">ϕ</mi></mrow></mfenced><mn id="idp722208">2</mn></msup></mrow><mo id="idp722464">+</mo><mrow id="idp722720"><msub id="idp722848"><mi id="idp722976">V</mi><mrow id="idp723232"><mi id="idp723360">C</mi><mo id="idp723616">⁢</mo><mi id="idp723904">W</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp724160">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp724448" open="(" close=")"><msub id="idp725056"><mi id="idp725184">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp725472">c</mi></msub></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp725728">-</mo><mrow id="idp725984"><msub id="idp726112"><mi id="idp726240">V</mi><mrow id="idp726496"><mi id="idp726624">C</mi><mo id="idp726880">⁢</mo><mi id="idp727168">W</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp727424">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp727712" open="(" close=")"><mn id="idp728320">0</mn></mfenced></mrow></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp728576">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp728832" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp729232"><times id="idp729360"/><apply id="idp729488"><divide id="idp729616"/><cn id="idp729744" type="integer">1</cn><ci id="idp730272">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp730528"><int id="idp730656"/><apply id="idp730784"><times id="idp730912"/><apply id="idp731040"><csymbol id="idp731168" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp731728">d</ci><cn id="idp731984" type="integer">3</cn></apply><ci id="idp732512">x</ci><apply id="idp732768"><minus id="idp732896"/><apply id="idp733024"><plus id="idp733152"/><apply id="idp733280"><times id="idp733408"/><apply id="idp733536"><divide id="idp733664"/><cn id="idp733792" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp734320" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp734848"><csymbol id="idp734976" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp735536"><ci id="idp735664">∇</ci><ci id="idp735952">ϕ</ci></apply><cn id="idp736240" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp736768"><times id="idp736896"/><apply id="idp737024"><csymbol id="idp737152" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp737712">V</ci><apply id="idp737968"><times id="idp738096"/><ci id="idp738224">C</ci><ci id="idp738480">W</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp738736"><csymbol id="idp738864" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp739424">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp739712">c</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp739968"><times id="idp740096"/><apply id="idp740224"><csymbol id="idp740352" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp740912">V</ci><apply id="idp741168"><times id="idp741296"/><ci id="idp741424">C</ci><ci id="idp741680">W</ci></apply></apply><cn id="idp741936" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp742464" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle\frac{1}{T}\int d^{3}x\left[\frac{1}{2}\left(\nabla\phi\right)^{2}+V_{{CW}}(\phi _{c})-V_{{CW}}(0)\right].</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp743120" class="eqpad"/></tr>
      </table><p id="idp743648" class="p">Minimizing <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp744272" alttext="S_{3}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp744992"><msub id="idp745120"><mi id="idp745248">S</mi><mn id="idp745504">3</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp745760" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp746128"><csymbol id="idp746256" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp746816">S</ci><cn id="idp747072" type="integer">3</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp747600" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{3}</annotation></semantics></math> gives the transition rate.</p></div><div id="S2.p8" class="para"><p id="idp749008" class="p">However, in our case, the transition takes place only inside the cores
of domain walls and the typical radius <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp749728" alttext="r_{b}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp750448"><msub id="idp750576"><mi id="idp750704">r</mi><mi id="idp750960">b</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp751216" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp751584"><csymbol id="idp751712" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp752272">r</ci><ci id="idp752528">b</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp752784" encoding="application/x-tex">r_{b}</annotation></semantics></math> is larger than <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp753600" alttext="\delta _{b}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp754320"><msub id="idp754448"><mi id="idp754576">δ</mi><mi id="idp754832">b</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp755088" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp755488"><csymbol id="idp755616" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp756176">δ</ci><ci id="idp756464">b</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp756720" encoding="application/x-tex">\delta _{b}</annotation></semantics></math>.
Thus, we should consider a two dimensional action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp757568" alttext="S_{2}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp758288"><msub id="idp758416"><mi id="idp758544">S</mi><mn id="idp758800">2</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp759056" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp759424"><csymbol id="idp759552" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp760112">S</ci><cn id="idp760368" type="integer">2</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp760896" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}</annotation></semantics></math> inside the cores
rather than the three dimensional Euclidean action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp761760" alttext="S_{3}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp762480"><msub id="idp762608"><mi id="idp762736">S</mi><mn id="idp762992">3</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp763248" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp763616"><csymbol id="idp763744" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp764304">S</ci><cn id="idp764560" type="integer">3</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp765088" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{3}</annotation></semantics></math>. Then, the
Euclidean action is given by</p><table id="idp765840" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E19" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp767040" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp767440" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp768176" alttext="S_{{E}}=\frac{1}{T}S_{3}=\frac{\delta _{{b}}}{T}S_{{2}}" display="block"><semantics id="idp768960"><mrow id="idp769088"><msub id="idp769216"><mi id="idp769344">S</mi><mi id="idp769600">E</mi></msub><mo id="idp769856">=</mo><mrow id="idp770112"><mfrac id="idp770240"><mn id="idp770368">1</mn><mi id="idp770624">T</mi></mfrac><mo id="idp770880">⁢</mo><msub id="idp771136"><mi id="idp771264">S</mi><mn id="idp771520">3</mn></msub></mrow><mo id="idp771776">=</mo><mrow id="idp772032"><mfrac id="idp772160"><msub id="idp772288"><mi id="idp772416">δ</mi><mi id="idp772672">b</mi></msub><mi id="idp772928">T</mi></mfrac><mo id="idp773184">⁢</mo><msub id="idp773472"><mi id="idp773600">S</mi><mn id="idp773856">2</mn></msub></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp774112" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp774512"><and id="idp774640"/><apply id="idp774768"><eq id="idp774896"/><apply id="idp775024"><csymbol id="idp775152" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp775712">S</ci><ci id="idp775968">E</ci></apply><apply id="idp776224" xml:id="S2.E19.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp776800"/><apply id="idp776928"><divide id="idp777056"/><cn id="idp777184" type="integer">1</cn><ci id="idp777680">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp777936"><csymbol id="idp778064" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp778624">S</ci><cn id="idp778880" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp779408"><eq id="idp779536"/><share id="idp779664" href="#S2.E19.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp780064" xml:id="S2.E19.m1.sh2.cmml"><times id="idp780640"/><apply id="idp780768"><divide id="idp780896"/><apply id="idp781024"><csymbol id="idp781152" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp781680">δ</ci><ci id="idp781968">b</ci></apply><ci id="idp782224">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp782480"><csymbol id="idp782608" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp783168">S</ci><cn id="idp783424" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp783952" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{{E}}=\frac{1}{T}S_{3}=\frac{\delta _{{b}}}{T}S_{{2}}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp784544" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp784944" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp785712" class="refnum">19</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp786496" class="p">with</p><table id="idp787024" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E20" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp788224" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp788624" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp789360" alttext="S_{{2}}=\int d^{2}x\left[\frac{1}{2}\left(\nabla\phi _{c}\right)^{2}+V_{{CW}}(\phi _{c})-V_{{CW}}(0)\right]." display="block"><semantics id="idp790208"><mrow id="idp790336"><mrow id="idp790464"><msub id="idp790592"><mi id="idp790720">S</mi><mn id="idp790976">2</mn></msub><mo id="idp791232">=</mo><mrow id="idp791488"><mo id="idp791616">∫</mo><msup id="idp791872"><mi id="idp792000">d</mi><mn id="idp792256">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp792512">⁢</mo><mi id="idp792768">x</mi><mo id="idp793024">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp793312" open="[" close="]"><mrow id="idp793920"><mrow id="idp794048"><mfrac id="idp794176"><mn id="idp794304">1</mn><mn id="idp794560">2</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp794816">⁢</mo><msup id="idp795104"><mfenced id="idp795232" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp795840"><mo id="idp795968">∇</mo><mo id="idp796256">⁡</mo><msub id="idp796544"><mi id="idp796672">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp796960">c</mi></msub></mrow></mfenced><mn id="idp797216">2</mn></msup></mrow><mo id="idp797472">+</mo><mrow id="idp797728"><msub id="idp797856"><mi id="idp797984">V</mi><mrow id="idp798240"><mi id="idp798368">C</mi><mo id="idp798624">⁢</mo><mi id="idp798912">W</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp799168">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp799456" open="(" close=")"><msub id="idp800064"><mi id="idp800192">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp800480">c</mi></msub></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp800736">-</mo><mrow id="idp800992"><msub id="idp801120"><mi id="idp801248">V</mi><mrow id="idp801504"><mi id="idp801632">C</mi><mo id="idp801888">⁢</mo><mi id="idp802176">W</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp802432">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp802720" open="(" close=")"><mn id="idp803328">0</mn></mfenced></mrow></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp803584">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp803840" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp804240"><eq id="idp804368"/><apply id="idp804496"><csymbol id="idp804624" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp805184">S</ci><cn id="idp805440" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp805968"><int id="idp806096"/><apply id="idp806224"><times id="idp806352"/><apply id="idp806480"><csymbol id="idp806608" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp807168">d</ci><cn id="idp807424" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp807952">x</ci><apply id="idp808208"><minus id="idp808336"/><apply id="idp808464"><plus id="idp808592"/><apply id="idp808720"><times id="idp808848"/><apply id="idp808976"><divide id="idp809104"/><cn id="idp809232" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp809760" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp810288"><csymbol id="idp810416" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp810976"><ci id="idp811104">∇</ci><apply id="idp811392"><csymbol id="idp811520" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp812080">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp812368">c</ci></apply></apply><cn id="idp812624" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp813152"><times id="idp813280"/><apply id="idp813408"><csymbol id="idp813536" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp814096">V</ci><apply id="idp814352"><times id="idp814480"/><ci id="idp814608">C</ci><ci id="idp814864">W</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp815120"><csymbol id="idp815248" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp815808">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp816096">c</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp816352"><times id="idp816480"/><apply id="idp816608"><csymbol id="idp816736" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp817296">V</ci><apply id="idp817552"><times id="idp817680"/><ci id="idp817808">C</ci><ci id="idp818064">W</ci></apply></apply><cn id="idp818320" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp818848" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{{2}}=\int d^{2}x\left[\frac{1}{2}\left(\nabla\phi _{c}\right)^{2}+V_{{CW}}(\phi _{c})-V_{{CW}}(0)\right].</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp819504" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp819904" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp820672" class="refnum">20</span>)</td></tr>
      </table></div><div id="S2.p9" class="para"><p id="idp822128" class="p">In order to minimize <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp822752" alttext="S_{2}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp823472"><msub id="idp823600"><mi id="idp823728">S</mi><mn id="idp823984">2</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp824240" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp824608"><csymbol id="idp824736" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp825296">S</ci><cn id="idp825552" type="integer">2</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp826080" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}</annotation></semantics></math>, we consider a circularly symmetric Gaussian
profile given by</p><table id="idp826848" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E21" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp828048" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp828448" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp829184" alttext="\phi _{c}\equiv\phi _{{0}}\exp\left(-\frac{r^{2}}{R^{2}}\right)," display="block"><semantics id="idp829984"><mrow id="idp830112"><mrow id="idp830240"><msub id="idp830368"><mi id="idp830496">ϕ</mi><mi id="idp830752">c</mi></msub><mo id="idp831008">≡</mo><mrow id="idp831264"><msub id="idp831392"><mi id="idp831520">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp831808">0</mn></msub><mo id="idp832064">⁢</mo><mrow id="idp832352"><mi id="idp832480">exp</mi><mo id="idp832736">⁡</mo><mfenced id="idp833024" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp833632"><mo id="idp833760">-</mo><mfrac id="idp834016"><msup id="idp834144"><mi id="idp834272">r</mi><mn id="idp834528">2</mn></msup><msup id="idp834784"><mi id="idp834912">R</mi><mn id="idp835168">2</mn></msup></mfrac></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp835424">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp835680" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp836080"><equivalent id="idp836208"/><apply id="idp836336"><csymbol id="idp836464" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp837024">ϕ</ci><ci id="idp837312">c</ci></apply><apply id="idp837568"><times id="idp837696"/><apply id="idp837824"><csymbol id="idp837952" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp838512">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp838800" type="integer">0</cn></apply><apply id="idp839328"><exp id="idp839456"/><apply id="idp839584"><minus id="idp839712"/><apply id="idp839840"><divide id="idp839968"/><apply id="idp840096"><csymbol id="idp840224" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp840784">r</ci><cn id="idp841040" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp841568"><csymbol id="idp841696" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp842256">R</ci><cn id="idp842512" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp843040" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{c}\equiv\phi _{{0}}\exp\left(-\frac{r^{2}}{R^{2}}\right),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp843648" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp844048" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp844816" class="refnum">21</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp845600" class="p">which we will see later is justified. Here <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp846256" alttext="r" display="inline"><semantics id="idp846976"><mi id="idp847104">r</mi><annotation-xml id="idp847360" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp847728">r</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp847984" encoding="application/x-tex">r</annotation></semantics></math> is a radial coordinate,
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp848752" alttext="R" display="inline"><semantics id="idp849472"><mi id="idp849600">R</mi><annotation-xml id="idp849856" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp850224">R</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp850480" encoding="application/x-tex">R</annotation></semantics></math> is a typical radius, and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp851360" alttext="\phi _{0}&gt;0" display="inline"><semantics id="idp852080"><mrow id="idp852208"><msub id="idp852336"><mi id="idp852464">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp852720">0</mn></msub><mo id="idp852976">&gt;</mo><mn id="idp853264">0</mn></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp853520" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp853808"><gt id="idp853936"/><apply id="idp854064"><csymbol id="idp854192" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp854752">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp855040" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp855568" type="integer">0</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp856096" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{0}&gt;0</annotation></semantics></math> is assumed for
simplicity. Then, the two dimensional action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp856960" alttext="S_{2}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp857680"><msub id="idp857808"><mi id="idp857936">S</mi><mn id="idp858192">2</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp858448" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp858816"><csymbol id="idp858944" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp859504">S</ci><cn id="idp859760" type="integer">2</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp860288" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}</annotation></semantics></math> becomes</p><table id="idp861008" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E22" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp862208" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp862608" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp863344" alttext="S_{2}=2\pi\left[\frac{\phi _{0}^{2}}{4}+\frac{\lambda}{32}\phi _{0}^{4}R^{2}\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{2}\right)+\frac{1}{8}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}^{2}R^{2}\right]." display="block"><semantics id="idp864256"><mrow id="idp864384"><mrow id="idp864512"><msub id="idp864640"><mi id="idp864768">S</mi><mn id="idp865024">2</mn></msub><mo id="idp865280">=</mo><mrow id="idp865536"><mn id="idp865664">2</mn><mo id="idp865920">⁢</mo><mi id="idp866176">π</mi><mo id="idp866432">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp866720" open="[" close="]"><mrow id="idp867328"><mfrac id="idp867456"><msubsup id="idp867584"><mi id="idp867712">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp868000">0</mn><mn id="idp868256">2</mn></msubsup><mn id="idp868512">4</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp868768">+</mo><mrow id="idp869024"><mfrac id="idp869152"><mi id="idp869280">λ</mi><mn id="idp869568">32</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp869824">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp870112"><mi id="idp870240">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp870528">0</mn><mn id="idp870784">4</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp871040">⁢</mo><msup id="idp871328"><mi id="idp871456">R</mi><mn id="idp871712">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp871968">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp872256" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp872864"><mrow id="idp872992"><mi id="idp873120">ln</mi><mo id="idp873376">⁡</mo><mfrac id="idp873664"><msub id="idp873792"><mi id="idp873920">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp874208">0</mn></msub><mi id="idp874464">v</mi></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp874720">-</mo><mfrac id="idp874976"><mn id="idp875104">1</mn><mn id="idp875360">2</mn></mfrac></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp875616">+</mo><mrow id="idp875872"><mfrac id="idp876000"><mn id="idp876128">1</mn><mn id="idp876384">8</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp876640">⁢</mo><msup id="idp876928"><mi id="idp877056">g</mi><mn id="idp877312">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp877568">⁢</mo><msup id="idp877856"><mi id="idp877984">T</mi><mn id="idp878240">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp878496">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp878784"><mi id="idp878912">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp879200">0</mn><mn id="idp879456">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp879712">⁢</mo><msup id="idp880000"><mi id="idp880128">R</mi><mn id="idp880384">2</mn></msup></mrow></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp880640">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp880896" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp881296"><eq id="idp881424"/><apply id="idp881552"><csymbol id="idp881680" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp882240">S</ci><cn id="idp882496" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp883024"><times id="idp883152"/><cn id="idp883280" type="integer">2</cn><ci id="idp883808">π</ci><apply id="idp884096"><plus id="idp884224"/><apply id="idp884352"><divide id="idp884480"/><apply id="idp884608"><csymbol id="idp884736" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp885296"><csymbol id="idp885424" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp885984">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp886272" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp886800" type="integer">2</cn></apply><cn id="idp887328" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp887856"><times id="idp887984"/><apply id="idp888112"><divide id="idp888240"/><ci id="idp888368">λ</ci><cn id="idp888656" type="integer">32</cn></apply><apply id="idp889184"><csymbol id="idp889312" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp889872"><csymbol id="idp890000" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp890560">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp890848" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp891376" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp891904"><csymbol id="idp892032" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp892592">R</ci><cn id="idp892848" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp893376"><minus id="idp893504"/><apply id="idp893632"><ln id="idp893760"/><apply id="idp893888"><divide id="idp894016"/><apply id="idp894144"><csymbol id="idp894272" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp894832">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp895120" type="integer">0</cn></apply><ci id="idp895648">v</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp895904"><divide id="idp896032"/><cn id="idp896160" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp896688" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp897216"><times id="idp897344"/><apply id="idp897472"><divide id="idp897600"/><cn id="idp897728" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp898256" type="integer">8</cn></apply><apply id="idp898784"><csymbol id="idp898912" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp899472">g</ci><cn id="idp899728" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp900256"><csymbol id="idp900384" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp900944">T</ci><cn id="idp901200" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp901728"><csymbol id="idp901856" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp902416"><csymbol id="idp902544" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp903104">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp903392" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp903920" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp904448"><csymbol id="idp904576" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp905136">R</ci><cn id="idp905392" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp905920" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}=2\pi\left[\frac{\phi _{0}^{2}}{4}+\frac{\lambda}{32}\phi _{0}^{4}R^{2}\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{2}\right)+\frac{1}{8}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}^{2}R^{2}\right].</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp906640" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp907040" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp907808" class="refnum">22</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp908640" class="p">Varying <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp909264" alttext="S_{2}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp909984"><msub id="idp910112"><mi id="idp910240">S</mi><mn id="idp910496">2</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp910752" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp911120"><csymbol id="idp911248" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp911808">S</ci><cn id="idp912064" type="integer">2</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp912592" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}</annotation></semantics></math> with respect to <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp913408" alttext="\phi _{0}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp914128"><msub id="idp914256"><mi id="idp914384">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp914640">0</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp914896" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp915296"><csymbol id="idp915424" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp915984">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp916272" type="integer">0</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp916800" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{0}</annotation></semantics></math> and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp917616" alttext="R" display="inline"><semantics id="idp918336"><mi id="idp918464">R</mi><annotation-xml id="idp918720" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp919088">R</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp919344" encoding="application/x-tex">R</annotation></semantics></math> yields</p><table id="idp920000" class="equationgroup eqnarray">
      <tr id="S2.Ex2" class="equation baseline tr"><td id="idp921200" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp921600" colspan="1" class="td right"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp922336" alttext="\displaystyle\frac{\partial S_{2}}{\partial\phi _{0}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp923120"><mstyle id="idp923248" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp923616"><mrow id="idp923744"><mo id="idp923872">∂</mo><mo id="idp924128">⁡</mo><msub id="idp924416"><mi id="idp924544">S</mi><mn id="idp924800">2</mn></msub></mrow><mrow id="idp925056"><mo id="idp925184">∂</mo><mo id="idp925472">⁡</mo><msub id="idp925760"><mi id="idp925888">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp926176">0</mn></msub></mrow></mfrac></mstyle><annotation-xml id="idp926432" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp926832"><divide id="idp926960"/><apply id="idp927088"><partialdiff id="idp927216"/><apply id="idp927344"><csymbol id="idp927472" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp928032">S</ci><cn id="idp928288" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp928816"><partialdiff id="idp928944"/><apply id="idp929072"><csymbol id="idp929200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp929760">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp930048" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp930576" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle\frac{\partial S_{2}}{\partial\phi _{0}}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp931168" colspan="1" class="td center"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp931904" alttext="\displaystyle=" display="inline"><semantics id="idp932624"><mo id="idp932752">=</mo><annotation-xml id="idp933008" encoding="MathML-Content"><eq id="idp933376"/></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp933504" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle=</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp934064" colspan="1" class="td left"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp934800" alttext="\displaystyle 2\pi\left[\frac{\phi _{0}}{2}+\frac{\lambda}{8}\phi _{0}^{3}R^{2}\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{4}\right)+\frac{1}{4}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}R^{2}\right]," display="inline"><semantics id="idp935712"><mrow id="idp935840"><mrow id="idp935968"><mn id="idp936096">2</mn><mo id="idp936352">⁢</mo><mi id="idp936608">π</mi><mo id="idp936864">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp937152" open="[" close="]"><mrow id="idp937760"><mstyle id="idp937888" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp938288"><msub id="idp938416"><mi id="idp938544">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp938832">0</mn></msub><mn id="idp939088">2</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp939344">+</mo><mrow id="idp939600"><mstyle id="idp939728" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp940128"><mi id="idp940256">λ</mi><mn id="idp940544">8</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp940800">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp941088"><mi id="idp941216">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp941504">0</mn><mn id="idp941760">3</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp942016">⁢</mo><msup id="idp942304"><mi id="idp942432">R</mi><mn id="idp942688">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp942944">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp943232" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp943840"><mrow id="idp943968"><mi id="idp944096">ln</mi><mo id="idp944352">⁡</mo><mstyle id="idp944640" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp945040"><msub id="idp945168"><mi id="idp945296">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp945584">0</mn></msub><mi id="idp945840">v</mi></mfrac></mstyle></mrow><mo id="idp946096">-</mo><mstyle id="idp946352" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp946752"><mn id="idp946880">1</mn><mn id="idp947136">4</mn></mfrac></mstyle></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp947392">+</mo><mrow id="idp947648"><mstyle id="idp947776" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp948176"><mn id="idp948304">1</mn><mn id="idp948560">4</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp948816">⁢</mo><msup id="idp949104"><mi id="idp949232">g</mi><mn id="idp949488">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp949744">⁢</mo><msup id="idp950032"><mi id="idp950160">T</mi><mn id="idp950416">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp950672">⁢</mo><msub id="idp950960"><mi id="idp951088">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp951376">0</mn></msub><mo id="idp951632">⁢</mo><msup id="idp951920"><mi id="idp952048">R</mi><mn id="idp952304">2</mn></msup></mrow></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp952560">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp952816" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp953216"><times id="idp953344"/><cn id="idp953472" type="integer">2</cn><ci id="idp954000">π</ci><apply id="idp954288"><plus id="idp954416"/><apply id="idp954544"><divide id="idp954672"/><apply id="idp954800"><csymbol id="idp954928" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp955488">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp955776" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp956304" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp956832"><times id="idp956960"/><apply id="idp957088"><divide id="idp957216"/><ci id="idp957344">λ</ci><cn id="idp957632" type="integer">8</cn></apply><apply id="idp958160"><csymbol id="idp958288" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp958848"><csymbol id="idp958976" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp959536">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp959824" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp960352" type="integer">3</cn></apply><apply id="idp960880"><csymbol id="idp961008" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp961568">R</ci><cn id="idp961824" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp962352"><minus id="idp962480"/><apply id="idp962608"><ln id="idp962736"/><apply id="idp962864"><divide id="idp962992"/><apply id="idp963120"><csymbol id="idp963248" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp963808">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp964096" type="integer">0</cn></apply><ci id="idp964624">v</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp964880"><divide id="idp965008"/><cn id="idp965136" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp965664" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp966192"><times id="idp966320"/><apply id="idp966448"><divide id="idp966576"/><cn id="idp966704" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp967232" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp967760"><csymbol id="idp967888" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp968448">g</ci><cn id="idp968704" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp969232"><csymbol id="idp969360" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp969920">T</ci><cn id="idp970176" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp970704"><csymbol id="idp970832" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp971392">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp971680" type="integer">0</cn></apply><apply id="idp972208"><csymbol id="idp972336" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp972896">R</ci><cn id="idp973152" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp973680" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle 2\pi\left[\frac{\phi _{0}}{2}+\frac{\lambda}{8}\phi _{0}^{3}R^{2}\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{4}\right)+\frac{1}{4}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}R^{2}\right],</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp974400" class="eqpad"/></tr><tr id="S2.E23" class="equation baseline tr"><td id="idp975472" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp975872" colspan="1" class="td right"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp976608" alttext="\displaystyle\frac{\partial S_{2}}{\partial R}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp977392"><mstyle id="idp977520" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp977888"><mrow id="idp978016"><mo id="idp978144">∂</mo><mo id="idp978400">⁡</mo><msub id="idp978688"><mi id="idp978816">S</mi><mn id="idp979072">2</mn></msub></mrow><mrow id="idp979328"><mo id="idp979456">∂</mo><mo id="idp979744">⁡</mo><mi id="idp980032">R</mi></mrow></mfrac></mstyle><annotation-xml id="idp980288" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp980688"><divide id="idp980816"/><apply id="idp980944"><partialdiff id="idp981072"/><apply id="idp981200"><csymbol id="idp981328" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp981888">S</ci><cn id="idp982144" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp982672"><partialdiff id="idp982800"/><ci id="idp982928">R</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp983184" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle\frac{\partial S_{2}}{\partial R}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp983776" colspan="1" class="td center"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp984512" alttext="\displaystyle=" display="inline"><semantics id="idp985232"><mo id="idp985360">=</mo><annotation-xml id="idp985616" encoding="MathML-Content"><eq id="idp985984"/></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp986112" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle=</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp986672" colspan="1" class="td left"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp987408" alttext="\displaystyle 2\pi\left[\frac{\lambda}{16}\phi _{0}^{4}R\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{2}\right)+\frac{1}{4}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}^{2}R\right]." display="inline"><semantics id="idp988288"><mrow id="idp988416"><mrow id="idp988544"><mn id="idp988672">2</mn><mo id="idp988928">⁢</mo><mi id="idp989184">π</mi><mo id="idp989440">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp989728" open="[" close="]"><mrow id="idp990336"><mrow id="idp20553072"><mstyle id="idp20553200" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp20553568"><mi id="idp20553696">λ</mi><mn id="idp20553952">16</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp20554208">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp20554464"><mi id="idp20554592">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp20554880">0</mn><mn id="idp20555136">4</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp20555392">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20555680">R</mi><mo id="idp20555936">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp20556224" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20556832"><mrow id="idp20556960"><mi id="idp20557088">ln</mi><mo id="idp20557344">⁡</mo><mstyle id="idp20557632" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp20558032"><msub id="idp20558160"><mi id="idp20558288">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp20558576">0</mn></msub><mi id="idp20558832">v</mi></mfrac></mstyle></mrow><mo id="idp20559088">-</mo><mstyle id="idp20559344" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp20559744"><mn id="idp20559872">1</mn><mn id="idp20560128">2</mn></mfrac></mstyle></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp20560384">+</mo><mrow id="idp20560640"><mstyle id="idp20560768" displaystyle="true"><mfrac id="idp20561168"><mn id="idp20561296">1</mn><mn id="idp20561552">4</mn></mfrac></mstyle><mo id="idp20561808">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20562096"><mi id="idp20562224">g</mi><mn id="idp20562480">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp20562736">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20563024"><mi id="idp20563152">T</mi><mn id="idp20563408">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp20563664">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp20563952"><mi id="idp20564080">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp20564368">0</mn><mn id="idp20564624">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp20564880">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20565168">R</mi></mrow></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp20565424">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20565680" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20566080"><times id="idp20566208"/><cn id="idp20566336" type="integer">2</cn><ci id="idp20566864">π</ci><apply id="idp20567152"><plus id="idp20567280"/><apply id="idp20567408"><times id="idp20567536"/><apply id="idp20567664"><divide id="idp20567792"/><ci id="idp20567920">λ</ci><cn id="idp20568208" type="integer">16</cn></apply><apply id="idp20568736"><csymbol id="idp20568864" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20569424"><csymbol id="idp20569552" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20570112">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp20570400" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp20570928" type="integer">4</cn></apply><ci id="idp20571456">R</ci><apply id="idp20571712"><minus id="idp20571840"/><apply id="idp20571968"><ln id="idp20572096"/><apply id="idp20572224"><divide id="idp20572352"/><apply id="idp20572480"><csymbol id="idp20572608" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20573168">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp20573456" type="integer">0</cn></apply><ci id="idp20573984">v</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp20574240"><divide id="idp20574368"/><cn id="idp20574496" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp20575024" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp20575552"><times id="idp20575680"/><apply id="idp20575808"><divide id="idp20575936"/><cn id="idp20576064" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp20576592" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp20577120"><csymbol id="idp20577248" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20577808">g</ci><cn id="idp20578064" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp20578592"><csymbol id="idp20578720" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20579280">T</ci><cn id="idp20579536" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp20580064"><csymbol id="idp20580192" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20580752"><csymbol id="idp20580880" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20581440">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp20581728" type="integer">0</cn></apply><cn id="idp20582256" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp20582784">R</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20583040" encoding="application/x-tex">\displaystyle 2\pi\left[\frac{\lambda}{16}\phi _{0}^{4}R\left(\ln\frac{\phi _{0}}{v}-\frac{1}{2}\right)+\frac{1}{4}g^{2}T^{2}\phi _{0}^{2}R\right].</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20583728" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20584128" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20584896" class="refnum">23</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20585728" class="p">Then <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20586448" alttext="S_{2}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20587168"><msub id="idp20587296"><mi id="idp20587424">S</mi><mn id="idp20587680">2</mn></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20587936" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20588304"><csymbol id="idp20588432" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20588992">S</ci><cn id="idp20589248" type="integer">2</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20589776" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}</annotation></semantics></math> is minimized at <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20590592" alttext="\phi _{0}\sim gT/\sqrt{\lambda}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20591360"><mrow id="idp20591488"><msub id="idp20591616"><mi id="idp20591744">ϕ</mi><mn id="idp20592000">0</mn></msub><mo id="idp20592256">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20592512"><mrow id="idp20592640"><mi id="idp20592768">g</mi><mo id="idp20593024">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20593312">T</mi></mrow><mo id="idp20593568">/</mo><msqrt id="idp20593824"><mi id="idp20593952">λ</mi></msqrt></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20594240" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20594640"><csymbol id="idp20594768" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20595328"><csymbol id="idp20595456" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20596016">ϕ</ci><cn id="idp20596304" type="integer">0</cn></apply><apply id="idp20596832"><divide id="idp20596960"/><apply id="idp20597088"><times id="idp20597216"/><ci id="idp20597344">g</ci><ci id="idp20597600">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp20597856"><root id="idp20597984"/><ci id="idp20598112">λ</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20598400" encoding="application/x-tex">\phi _{0}\sim gT/\sqrt{\lambda}</annotation></semantics></math> and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20599232" alttext="R\sim 1/(gT)" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20599952"><mrow id="idp20600080"><mi id="idp20600208">R</mi><mo id="idp20600464">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20600720"><mn id="idp20600848">1</mn><mo id="idp20601104">/</mo><mfenced id="idp20601360" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20601968"><mi id="idp20602096">g</mi><mo id="idp20602352">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20602640">T</mi></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20602896" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20603296"><csymbol id="idp20603424" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><ci id="idp20603984">R</ci><apply id="idp20604240"><divide id="idp20604368"/><cn id="idp20604496" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20605024"><times id="idp20605152"/><ci id="idp20605280">g</ci><ci id="idp20605536">T</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20605792" encoding="application/x-tex">R\sim 1/(gT)</annotation></semantics></math>, and has a value of <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20606608" alttext="S_{2}\sim g^{2}T^{2}/\lambda" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20607376"><mrow id="idp20607504"><msub id="idp20607632"><mi id="idp20607760">S</mi><mn id="idp20608016">2</mn></msub><mo id="idp20608272">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20608528"><mrow id="idp20608656"><msup id="idp20608784"><mi id="idp20608912">g</mi><mn id="idp20609168">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp20609424">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20609680"><mi id="idp20609808">T</mi><mn id="idp20610064">2</mn></msup></mrow><mo id="idp20610320">/</mo><mi id="idp20610576">λ</mi></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20610864" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20611264"><csymbol id="idp20611392" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20611952"><csymbol id="idp20612080" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20612640">S</ci><cn id="idp20612896" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp20613424"><divide id="idp20613552"/><apply id="idp20613680"><times id="idp20613808"/><apply id="idp20613936"><csymbol id="idp20614064" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20614624">g</ci><cn id="idp20614880" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp20615408"><csymbol id="idp20615536" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20616096">T</ci><cn id="idp20616352" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp20616880">λ</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20617168" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{2}\sim g^{2}T^{2}/\lambda</annotation></semantics></math>, which yields
the Euclidean action <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20618016" alttext="S_{E}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20618736"><msub id="idp20618864"><mi id="idp20618992">S</mi><mi id="idp20619248">E</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20619504" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20619872"><csymbol id="idp20620000" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20620560">S</ci><ci id="idp20620816">E</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20621072" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{E}</annotation></semantics></math>,</p><table id="idp20621760" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E24" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20622960" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20623360" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20624096" alttext="S_{E}\sim\frac{\delta _{b}}{T}S_{2}\sim\frac{g^{2}T}{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}v}." display="block"><semantics id="idp20624816"><mrow id="idp20624944"><mrow id="idp20625072"><msub id="idp20625200"><mi id="idp20625328">S</mi><mi id="idp20625584">E</mi></msub><mo id="idp20625840">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20626096"><mfrac id="idp20626224"><msub id="idp20626352"><mi id="idp20626480">δ</mi><mi id="idp20626736">b</mi></msub><mi id="idp20626992">T</mi></mfrac><mo id="idp20627248">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20627536"><mi id="idp20627664">S</mi><mn id="idp20627920">2</mn></msub></mrow><mo id="idp20628176">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp20628464"><mrow id="idp20628592"><msup id="idp20628720"><mi id="idp20628848">g</mi><mn id="idp20629104">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp20629360">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20629648">T</mi></mrow><mrow id="idp20629904"><msup id="idp20630032"><mi id="idp20630160">λ</mi><mfrac id="idp20630448"><mn id="idp20630576">3</mn><mn id="idp20630832">2</mn></mfrac></msup><mo id="idp20631088">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20631376">v</mi></mrow></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp20631632">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20631888" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20632288"><and id="idp20632416"/><apply id="idp20632544"><csymbol id="idp20632672" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20633232"><csymbol id="idp20633360" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20633920">S</ci><ci id="idp20634176">E</ci></apply><apply id="idp20634432" xml:id="S2.E24.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp20635008"/><apply id="idp20635136"><divide id="idp20635264"/><apply id="idp20635392"><csymbol id="idp20635520" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20636048">δ</ci><ci id="idp20636336">b</ci></apply><ci id="idp20636592">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp20636848"><csymbol id="idp20636976" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20637536">S</ci><cn id="idp20637792" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp20638320"><csymbol id="idp20638448" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp20639008" href="#S2.E24.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp20639408" xml:id="S2.E24.m1.sh2.cmml"><divide id="idp20639936"/><apply id="idp20640064"><times id="idp20640192"/><apply id="idp20640320"><csymbol id="idp20640448" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20640976">g</ci><cn id="idp20641232" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp20641760">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp20642016"><times id="idp20642144"/><apply id="idp20642272"><csymbol id="idp20642400" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20642960">λ</ci><apply id="idp20643248"><divide id="idp20643376"/><cn id="idp20643504" type="integer">3</cn><cn id="idp20644032" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp20644560">v</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20644816" encoding="application/x-tex">S_{E}\sim\frac{\delta _{b}}{T}S_{2}\sim\frac{g^{2}T}{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}v}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20645440" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20645840" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20646608" class="refnum">24</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20647440" class="p">Thus, the transition temperature <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20648176" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20648896"><msub id="idp20649024"><mi id="idp20649152">T</mi><mi id="idp20649408">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20649664" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20650064"><csymbol id="idp20650192" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20650752">T</ci><ci id="idp20651008">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20651296" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math> becomes</p><table id="idp20652016" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E25" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20653216" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20653616" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20654352" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}\sim\frac{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}v}{g^{2}}" display="block"><semantics id="idp20655072"><mrow id="idp20655200"><msub id="idp20655328"><mi id="idp20655456">T</mi><mi id="idp20655712">tran</mi></msub><mo id="idp20655968">∼</mo><mfrac id="idp20656224"><mrow id="idp20656352"><msup id="idp20656480"><mi id="idp20656608">λ</mi><mfrac id="idp20656896"><mn id="idp20657024">3</mn><mn id="idp20657280">2</mn></mfrac></msup><mo id="idp20657536">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20657824">v</mi></mrow><msup id="idp20658080"><mi id="idp20658208">g</mi><mn id="idp20658464">2</mn></msup></mfrac></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20658720" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20659120"><csymbol id="idp20659248" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20659808"><csymbol id="idp20659936" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20660496">T</ci><ci id="idp20660752">tran</ci></apply><apply id="idp20661040"><divide id="idp20661168"/><apply id="idp20661296"><times id="idp20661424"/><apply id="idp20661552"><csymbol id="idp20661680" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20662240">λ</ci><apply id="idp20662528"><divide id="idp20662656"/><cn id="idp20662784" type="integer">3</cn><cn id="idp20663312" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp20663840">v</ci></apply><apply id="idp20664096"><csymbol id="idp20664224" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20664784">g</ci><cn id="idp20665040" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20665568" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}\sim\frac{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}v}{g^{2}}</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20666176" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20666576" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20667344" class="refnum">25</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20668128" class="p">with a logarithmic correction coming from the prefactor of the
transition rate. Since <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20668816" alttext="r_{b}\sim R" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20669536"><mrow id="idp20669664"><msub id="idp20669792"><mi id="idp20669920">r</mi><mi id="idp20670176">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp20670432">∼</mo><mi id="idp20670688">R</mi></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20670944" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20671344"><csymbol id="idp20671472" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20672032"><csymbol id="idp20672160" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20672720">r</ci><ci id="idp20672976">b</ci></apply><ci id="idp20673232">R</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20673488" encoding="application/x-tex">r_{b}\sim R</annotation></semantics></math>, the thick wall (Gaussian) ansatz is
justified.</p></div><div id="S2.p10" class="para"><p id="idp20674912" class="p">For successful baryogenesis, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20675552" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20676272"><msub id="idp20676400"><mi id="idp20676528">T</mi><mi id="idp20676784">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20677040" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20677440"><csymbol id="idp20677568" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20678128">T</ci><ci id="idp20678384">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20678672" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math> should be lower than the
electroweak scale <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20679520" alttext="T_{{\rm EW}}\sim 100" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20680240"><mrow id="idp20680368"><msub id="idp20680496"><mi id="idp20680624">T</mi><mi id="idp20680880">EW</mi></msub><mo id="idp20681136">∼</mo><mn id="idp20681392">100</mn></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20681648" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20682048"><csymbol id="idp20682176" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20682736"><csymbol id="idp20682864" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20683424">T</ci><ci id="idp20683680">EW</ci></apply><cn id="idp20683936" type="integer">100</cn></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20684464" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm EW}}\sim 100</annotation></semantics></math> GeV to prevent the electroweak
symmetry from breaking even inside the cores at that temperature (this is
the temperature when electroweak baryogenesis will be most effective).
Furthermore, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20685456" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20686176"><msub id="idp20686304"><mi id="idp20686432">T</mi><mi id="idp20686688">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20686944" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20687344"><csymbol id="idp20687472" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20688032">T</ci><ci id="idp20688288">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20688576" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math> should be higher than <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20689392" alttext="T_{{\rm eq}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20690112"><msub id="idp20690240"><mi id="idp20690368">T</mi><mi id="idp20690624">eq</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20690880" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20691248"><csymbol id="idp20691376" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20691936">T</ci><ci id="idp20692192">eq</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20692448" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm eq}}</annotation></semantics></math>, the
temperature when the walls with symmetric core would start to dominate
the energy density, otherwise the walls would
dominate the universe, their subsequent decay would produce too
large an entropy which significantly dilutes the baryon asymmetry
and which could distort the black-body nature of the CMB <cite id="idp20693456" class="cite"><a id="idp20693856" href="#bib.bib26" title="" class="ref">(26)</a></cite>.
These conditions yield constraints on the breaking scale <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20695200" alttext="v" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20695920"><mi id="idp20696048">v</mi><annotation-xml id="idp20696304" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp20696672">v</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20696928" encoding="application/x-tex">v</annotation></semantics></math>,</p><table id="idp20697552" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E26" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20698752" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20699152" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20699888" alttext="v\ll\frac{\lambda^{{\frac{5}{2}}}}{g^{4}}M_{{G}},\quad v\ll\frac{g^{2}}{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}}T_{{\rm EW}}." display="block"><semantics id="idp20700736"><mrow id="idp20700864"><mrow id="idp20700992"><mrow id="idp20701120"><mi id="idp20701248">v</mi><mo id="idp20701504">≪</mo><mrow id="idp20701760"><mfrac id="idp20701888"><msup id="idp20702016"><mi id="idp20702144">λ</mi><mfrac id="idp20702400"><mn id="idp20702528">5</mn><mn id="idp20702784">2</mn></mfrac></msup><msup id="idp20703040"><mi id="idp20703168">g</mi><mn id="idp20703424">4</mn></msup></mfrac><mo id="idp20703680">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20703968"><mi id="idp20704096">M</mi><mi id="idp20704352">G</mi></msub></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20704608">,</mo><mrow id="idp20704864"><mi id="idp20704992">v</mi><mo id="idp20705248">≪</mo><mrow id="idp20705536"><mfrac id="idp20705664"><msup id="idp20705792"><mi id="idp20705920">g</mi><mn id="idp20706176">2</mn></msup><msup id="idp20706432"><mi id="idp20706560">λ</mi><mfrac id="idp20706848"><mn id="idp20706976">3</mn><mn id="idp20707232">2</mn></mfrac></msup></mfrac><mo id="idp20707488">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20707776"><mi id="idp20707904">T</mi><mi id="idp20708160">EW</mi></msub></mrow></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20708416">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20708672" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20709072"><csymbol id="idp20709200" cd="ambiguous" name="formulae-sequence"/><apply id="idp20709872"><csymbol id="idp20710000" cd="latexml">much-less-than</csymbol><ci id="idp20710560">v</ci><apply id="idp20710816"><times id="idp20710944"/><apply id="idp20711072"><divide id="idp20711200"/><apply id="idp20711328"><csymbol id="idp20711456" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20712016">λ</ci><apply id="idp20712304"><divide id="idp20712432"/><cn id="idp20712560" type="integer">5</cn><cn id="idp20713088" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp20713616"><csymbol id="idp20713744" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20714304">g</ci><cn id="idp20714560" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp20715088"><csymbol id="idp20715216" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20715776">M</ci><ci id="idp20716032">G</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp20716288"><csymbol id="idp20716416" cd="latexml">much-less-than</csymbol><ci id="idp20716976">v</ci><apply id="idp20717232"><times id="idp20717360"/><apply id="idp20717488"><divide id="idp20717616"/><apply id="idp20717744"><csymbol id="idp20717872" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20718432">g</ci><cn id="idp20718688" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp20719216"><csymbol id="idp20719344" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20719904">λ</ci><apply id="idp20720192"><divide id="idp20720320"/><cn id="idp20720448" type="integer">3</cn><cn id="idp20720976" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp20721504"><csymbol id="idp20721632" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20722192">T</ci><ci id="idp20722448">EW</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20722704" encoding="application/x-tex">v\ll\frac{\lambda^{{\frac{5}{2}}}}{g^{4}}M_{{G}},\quad v\ll\frac{g^{2}}{\lambda^{{\frac{3}{2}}}}T_{{\rm EW}}.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20723360" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20723760" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20724528" class="refnum">26</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20725360" class="p">Note that condition (<a id="idp20726112" href="#S2.E5" title="(5) ‣ II Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp20725888" class="text reftag">5</span></a>) should be satisfied at least at the
temperature <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20727712" alttext="T_{{\rm tran}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20728432"><msub id="idp20728560"><mi id="idp20728688">T</mi><mi id="idp20728944">tran</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20729200" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20729600"><csymbol id="idp20729728" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20730288">T</ci><ci id="idp20730544">tran</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20730832" encoding="application/x-tex">T_{{\rm tran}}</annotation></semantics></math>, which gives the constraint,</p><table id="idp20731568" class="equation">
      <tr id="S2.E27" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20732768" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20733168" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20733904" alttext="\lambda\ll g." display="block"><semantics id="idp20734624"><mrow id="idp20734752"><mrow id="idp20734880"><mi id="idp20735008">λ</mi><mo id="idp20735264">≪</mo><mi id="idp20735552">g</mi></mrow><mo id="idp20735808">.</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20736064" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20736464"><csymbol id="idp20736592" cd="latexml">much-less-than</csymbol><ci id="idp20737152">λ</ci><ci id="idp20737440">g</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20737696" encoding="application/x-tex">\lambda\ll g.</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20738256" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20738656" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20739424" class="refnum">27</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20740208" class="p">Under this constraint, the above two conditions (<a id="idp20740992" href="#S2.E26" title="(26) ‣ II Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp20740768" class="text reftag">26</span></a>) can be
easily satisfied. Thus, we have a large parameter region such that the
conditions (<a id="idp20742832" href="#S2.E15" title="(15) ‣ II Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp20742608" class="text reftag">15</span></a>), (<a id="idp20744528" href="#S2.E26" title="(26) ‣ II Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp20744304" class="text reftag">26</span></a>), and (<a id="idp20746224" href="#S2.E27" title="(27) ‣ II Embedded domain wall formation and dynamics ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp20746000" class="text reftag">27</span></a>) are
satisfied.</p></div></div><div id="S3" class="section"><h2 id="idp20748304" class="title section-title"><span id="idp20748672" class="tag">III </span>Electroweak baryogenesis</h2><div id="S3.p1" class="para"><p id="idp20750048" class="p">Assuming that the criteria derived at the end of the previous section
are satisfied, we now discuss electroweak baryogenesis. First of all,
we consider local baryogenesis, in which the baryon asymmetry is produced
only at the edges of domain walls <span id="idp20750816" class="note footnote"><sup id="idp20751216" class="mark">3</sup><span id="idp20751744" class="note_content_outer"><span id="idp20752144" class="note_content"><sup id="idp20752544" class="mark">3</sup>The edges of the domain walls are
the locus where CP violation in the scalar field sector is localized.</span></span></span>.
Defining the core passage time <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20753584" alttext="\tau\equiv\delta _{b}/v_{D}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20754352"><mrow id="idp20754480"><mi id="idp20754608">τ</mi><mo id="idp20754864">≡</mo><mrow id="idp20755120"><msub id="idp20755248"><mi id="idp20755376">δ</mi><mi id="idp20755664">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp20755920">/</mo><msub id="idp20756176"><mi id="idp20756304">v</mi><mi id="idp20756560">D</mi></msub></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20756816" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20757216"><equivalent id="idp20757344"/><ci id="idp20757472">τ</ci><apply id="idp20757760"><divide id="idp20757888"/><apply id="idp20758016"><csymbol id="idp20758144" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20758704">δ</ci><ci id="idp20758992">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp20759248"><csymbol id="idp20759376" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20759936">v</ci><ci id="idp20760192">D</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20760448" encoding="application/x-tex">\tau\equiv\delta _{b}/v_{D}</annotation></semantics></math> where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20761280" alttext="v_{D}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20762000"><msub id="idp20762128"><mi id="idp20762256">v</mi><mi id="idp20762512">D</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20762768" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20763136"><csymbol id="idp20763264" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20763824">v</ci><ci id="idp20764080">D</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20764336" encoding="application/x-tex">v_{D}</annotation></semantics></math> is the typical wall velocity, the net baryon
asymmetry after decay is given by (see e.g. <cite id="idp20765136" class="cite"><a id="idp20765536" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a></cite>)</p><table id="idp20766704" class="equation">
      <tr id="S3.E28" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20767904" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20768304" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20769040" alttext="n_{B}^{{l}}=n_{B}^{{l,0}}(1-e^{{-\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\tau}})," display="block"><semantics id="idp20769840"><mrow id="idp20769968"><mrow id="idp20770096"><msubsup id="idp20770224"><mi id="idp20770352">n</mi><mi id="idp20770608">B</mi><mi id="idp20770864">l</mi></msubsup><mo id="idp20771120">=</mo><mrow id="idp20771376"><msubsup id="idp20771504"><mi id="idp20771632">n</mi><mi id="idp20771888">B</mi><mrow id="idp20772144"><mi id="idp20772272">l</mi><mo id="idp20772528">,</mo><mn id="idp20772784">0</mn></mrow></msubsup><mo id="idp20773040">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp20773296" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20773904"><mn id="idp20774032">1</mn><mo id="idp20774288">-</mo><msup id="idp20774544"><mi id="idp20774672">e</mi><mrow id="idp20774976"><mo id="idp20775104">-</mo><mrow id="idp20775360"><msub id="idp20775488"><mover id="idp20775664" accent="true"><mi id="idp20776032" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp20776592">¯</mo></mover><mi id="idp20776880">s</mi></msub><mo id="idp20777136">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20777424">τ</mi></mrow></mrow></msup></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20777712">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20777968" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20778368"><eq id="idp20778496"/><apply id="idp20778624"><csymbol id="idp20778752" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20779312"><csymbol id="idp20779440" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20780000">n</ci><ci id="idp20780256">B</ci></apply><ci id="idp20780512">l</ci></apply><apply id="idp20780768"><times id="idp20780896"/><apply id="idp20781024"><csymbol id="idp20781152" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20781712"><csymbol id="idp20781840" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20782400">n</ci><ci id="idp20782656">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp20782912"><list id="idp20783040"/><ci id="idp20783168">l</ci><cn id="idp20783424" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp20783952"><minus id="idp20784080"/><cn id="idp20784208" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20784736"><csymbol id="idp20784864" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20785424">e</ci><apply id="idp20785680"><minus id="idp20785808"/><apply id="idp20785936"><times id="idp20786064"/><apply id="idp20786192"><csymbol id="idp20786320" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20786880"><ci id="idp20787008">¯</ci><ci id="idp20787296">Γ</ci></apply><ci id="idp20787584">s</ci></apply><ci id="idp20787840">τ</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20788128" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{B}^{{l}}=n_{B}^{{l,0}}(1-e^{{-\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\tau}}),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20788736" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20789136" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20789904" class="refnum">28</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20790688" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20791312" alttext="n_{B}^{{l,0}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20792032"><msubsup id="idp20792160"><mi id="idp20792288">n</mi><mi id="idp20792544">B</mi><mrow id="idp20792800"><mi id="idp20792928">l</mi><mo id="idp20793184">,</mo><mn id="idp20793440">0</mn></mrow></msubsup><annotation-xml id="idp20793696" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20794064"><csymbol id="idp20794192" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20794752"><csymbol id="idp20794880" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20795440">n</ci><ci id="idp20795696">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp20795952"><list id="idp20796080"/><ci id="idp20796208">l</ci><cn id="idp20796464" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20796992" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{B}^{{l,0}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the baryon (anti-baryon) number density produced at
either edge of the defect. Here, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20797888" alttext="\overline{\Gamma}_{s}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20798608"><msub id="idp20798736"><mover id="idp20798864" accent="true"><mi id="idp20799232" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp20799792">¯</mo></mover><mi id="idp20800080">s</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20800336" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20800736"><csymbol id="idp20800864" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20801424"><ci id="idp20801552">¯</ci><ci id="idp20801840">Γ</ci></apply><ci id="idp20802128">s</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20802384" encoding="application/x-tex">\overline{\Gamma}_{s}</annotation></semantics></math> is defined as
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20803200" alttext="\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\equiv 6N_{f}\Gamma _{s}/T^{3}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20803984"><mrow id="idp20804112"><msub id="idp20804240"><mover id="idp20804368" accent="true"><mi id="idp20804736" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp20805264">¯</mo></mover><mi id="idp20805552">s</mi></msub><mo id="idp20805808">≡</mo><mrow id="idp20806096"><mrow id="idp20806224"><mn id="idp20806352">6</mn><mo id="idp20806608">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20806896"><mi id="idp20807024">N</mi><mi id="idp20807280">f</mi></msub><mo id="idp20807584">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20807872"><mi id="idp20808000" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mi id="idp20808560">s</mi></msub></mrow><mo id="idp20808816">/</mo><msup id="idp20809072"><mi id="idp20809200">T</mi><mn id="idp20809456">3</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20809712" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20810112"><equivalent id="idp20810240"/><apply id="idp20810368"><csymbol id="idp20810496" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20811056"><ci id="idp20811184">¯</ci><ci id="idp20811472">Γ</ci></apply><ci id="idp20811760">s</ci></apply><apply id="idp20812016"><divide id="idp20812144"/><apply id="idp20812272"><times id="idp20812400"/><cn id="idp20812528" type="integer">6</cn><apply id="idp20813056"><csymbol id="idp20813184" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20813744">N</ci><ci id="idp20814000">f</ci></apply><apply id="idp20814256"><csymbol id="idp20814384" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20814944">Γ</ci><ci id="idp20815232">s</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp20815488"><csymbol id="idp20815616" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20816176">T</ci><cn id="idp20816432" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20816960" encoding="application/x-tex">\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\equiv 6N_{f}\Gamma _{s}/T^{3}</annotation></semantics></math> by use of the weak
sphaleron rate <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20817824" alttext="\Gamma _{s}=\kappa(\alpha _{w}T)^{4}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20818592"><mrow id="idp20818720"><msub id="idp20818848"><mi id="idp20818976" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mi id="idp20819472">s</mi></msub><mo id="idp20819728">=</mo><mrow id="idp20819984"><mi id="idp20820112">κ</mi><mo id="idp20820400">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20820688"><mfenced id="idp20820816" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20821424"><msub id="idp20821552"><mi id="idp20821680">α</mi><mi id="idp20821968">w</mi></msub><mo id="idp20822224">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20822512">T</mi></mrow></mfenced><mn id="idp20822768">4</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20823024" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20823424"><eq id="idp20823552"/><apply id="idp20823680"><csymbol id="idp20823808" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20824368">Γ</ci><ci id="idp20824656">s</ci></apply><apply id="idp20824912"><times id="idp20825040"/><ci id="idp20825168">κ</ci><apply id="idp20825456"><csymbol id="idp20825584" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20826144"><times id="idp20826272"/><apply id="idp20826400"><csymbol id="idp20826528" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20827088">α</ci><ci id="idp20827376">w</ci></apply><ci id="idp20827632">T</ci></apply><cn id="idp20827888" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20828416" encoding="application/x-tex">\Gamma _{s}=\kappa(\alpha _{w}T)^{4}</annotation></semantics></math> with <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20829248" alttext="\kappa=0.1\sim 1" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20829968"><mrow id="idp20830096"><mi id="idp20830224">κ</mi><mo id="idp20830480">=</mo><mn id="idp20830736">0.1</mn><mo id="idp20831040">∼</mo><mn id="idp20831328">1</mn></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20831584" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20831984"><and id="idp20832112"/><apply id="idp20832240"><eq id="idp20832368"/><ci id="idp20832496">κ</ci><cn id="idp20832784" type="float" xml:id="S3.p1.m7.sh1.cmml">0.1</cn></apply><apply id="idp20833712"><csymbol id="idp20833840" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp20834368" href="#S3.p1.m7.sh1.cmml"/><cn id="idp20834768" type="integer" xml:id="S3.p1.m7.sh2.cmml">1</cn></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20835760" encoding="application/x-tex">\kappa=0.1\sim 1</annotation></semantics></math> <cite id="idp20836416" class="cite"><a id="idp20836816" href="#bib.bib29" title="" class="ref">(29)</a></cite><span id="idp20837856" class="note footnote"><sup id="idp20838256" class="mark">4</sup><span id="idp20838784" class="note_content_outer"><span id="idp20839184" class="note_content"><sup id="idp20839584" class="mark">4</sup>Bödeker found a different dependence
on the weak coupling constant, that is, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20840512" alttext="\Gamma _{S}\propto\alpha _{w}^{5}\ln(1/\alpha _{w})T^{4}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20841312"><mrow id="idp20841440"><msub id="idp20841568"><mi id="idp20841696" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mi id="idp20842192">S</mi></msub><mo id="idp20842448">∝</mo><mrow id="idp20842736"><msubsup id="idp20842864"><mi id="idp20842992">α</mi><mi id="idp20843280">w</mi><mn id="idp20843536">5</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp20843792">⁢</mo><mrow id="idp20844080"><mi id="idp20844208">ln</mi><mo id="idp20844464">⁡</mo><mfenced id="idp20844752" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20845360"><mn id="idp20845488">1</mn><mo id="idp20845744">/</mo><msub id="idp20846000"><mi id="idp20846128">α</mi><mi id="idp20846416">w</mi></msub></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp20846672">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20846960"><mi id="idp20847088">T</mi><mn id="idp20847344">4</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20847600" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20848000"><csymbol id="idp20848128" cd="latexml">proportional-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20848688"><csymbol id="idp20848816" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20849376">Γ</ci><ci id="idp20849664">S</ci></apply><apply id="idp20849920"><times id="idp20850048"/><apply id="idp20850176"><csymbol id="idp20850304" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20850864"><csymbol id="idp20850992" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20851552">α</ci><ci id="idp20851840">w</ci></apply><cn id="idp20852096" type="integer">5</cn></apply><apply id="idp20852624"><ln id="idp20852752"/><apply id="idp20852880"><divide id="idp20853008"/><cn id="idp20853136" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20853664"><csymbol id="idp20853792" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20854352">α</ci><ci id="idp20854640">w</ci></apply></apply></apply><apply id="idp20854896"><csymbol id="idp20855024" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20855584">T</ci><cn id="idp20855840" type="integer">4</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20856368" encoding="application/x-tex">\Gamma _{S}\propto\alpha _{w}^{5}\ln(1/\alpha _{w})T^{4}</annotation></semantics></math><cite id="idp20856976" class="cite"><a id="idp20857376" href="#bib.bib30" title="" class="ref">(30)</a></cite>. However, we assume the above form for
simplicity because the additional dependence can be absorbed into the
numerical uncertainty <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20858784" alttext="\kappa" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20859504"><mi id="idp20859632">κ</mi><annotation-xml id="idp20859888" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp20860288">κ</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20860576" encoding="application/x-tex">\kappa</annotation></semantics></math>.</span></span></span>. <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20861536" alttext="N_{f}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20862256"><msub id="idp20862384"><mi id="idp20862512">N</mi><mi id="idp20862768">f</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20863024" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20863392"><csymbol id="idp20863520" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20864080">N</ci><ci id="idp20864336">f</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20864592" encoding="application/x-tex">N_{f}</annotation></semantics></math> is the number of families and
<math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20865424" alttext="\alpha _{w}\sim 1/29" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20866144"><mrow id="idp20866272"><msub id="idp20866400"><mi id="idp20866528">α</mi><mi id="idp20866784">w</mi></msub><mo id="idp20867040">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20867328"><mn id="idp20867456">1</mn><mo id="idp20867712">/</mo><mn id="idp20867968">29</mn></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20868224" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20868624"><csymbol id="idp20868752" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20869312"><csymbol id="idp20869440" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20870000">α</ci><ci id="idp20870288">w</ci></apply><apply id="idp20870544"><divide id="idp20870672"/><cn id="idp20870800" type="integer">1</cn><cn id="idp20871328" type="integer">29</cn></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20871856" encoding="application/x-tex">\alpha _{w}\sim 1/29</annotation></semantics></math> is the weak coupling constant. Considering a
chemical potential originating from the one-loop effect <cite id="idp20872656" class="cite"><a id="idp20873056" href="#bib.bib28" title="" class="ref">(28)</a></cite>, the
baryon to entropy ratio is given by <cite id="idp20874288" class="cite"><a id="idp20874688" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a></cite></p><table id="idp20875728" class="equation">
      <tr id="S3.E29" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20876928" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20877328" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20878064" alttext="\frac{n_{B}^{l}}{s}\sim 3.9\kappa\alpha _{w}^{4}g_{{\ast}}^{{-1}}\left(\frac{m}{T}\right)\Delta\theta _{{CP}}(1-e^{{-\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\tau}})\times({\rm SF})," display="block"><semantics id="idp20878960"><mrow id="idp20879088"><mrow id="idp20879216"><mfrac id="idp20879344"><msubsup id="idp20879472"><mi id="idp20879600">n</mi><mi id="idp20879856">B</mi><mi id="idp20880112">l</mi></msubsup><mi id="idp20880368">s</mi></mfrac><mo id="idp20880624">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20880880"><mrow id="idp20881008"><mn id="idp20881136">3.9</mn><mo id="idp20881440">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20881696">κ</mi><mo id="idp20881984">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp20882272"><mi id="idp20882400">α</mi><mi id="idp20882688">w</mi><mn id="idp20882944">4</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp20883200">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp20883488"><mi id="idp20883616">g</mi><mo id="idp20883872">∗</mo><mrow id="idp20884160"><mo id="idp20884288">-</mo><mn id="idp20884544">1</mn></mrow></msubsup><mo id="idp20884800">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp20885088" open="(" close=")"><mfrac id="idp20885696"><mi id="idp20885824">m</mi><mi id="idp20886080">T</mi></mfrac></mfenced><mo id="idp20886336">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20886624" mathvariant="normal">Δ</mi><mo id="idp20887184">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20887472"><mi id="idp20887600">θ</mi><mrow id="idp20887888"><mi id="idp20888016">C</mi><mo id="idp20888272">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20888560">P</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp20888816">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp20889104" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20889712"><mn id="idp20889840">1</mn><mo id="idp20890096">-</mo><msup id="idp20890352"><mi id="idp20890480">e</mi><mrow id="idp20890736"><mo id="idp20890864">-</mo><mrow id="idp20891120"><msub id="idp20891248"><mover id="idp20891376" accent="true"><mi id="idp20891776" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp20892336">¯</mo></mover><mi id="idp20892624">s</mi></msub><mo id="idp20892880">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20893168">τ</mi></mrow></mrow></msup></mrow></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp20893456">×</mo><mfenced id="idp20893744" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp20894352">SF</mi></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20894608">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20894864" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20895264"><csymbol id="idp20895392" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20895952"><divide id="idp20896080"/><apply id="idp20896208"><csymbol id="idp20896336" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20896896"><csymbol id="idp20897024" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20897584">n</ci><ci id="idp20897840">B</ci></apply><ci id="idp20898096">l</ci></apply><ci id="idp20898352">s</ci></apply><apply id="idp20898608"><times id="idp20898736"/><apply id="idp20898864"><times id="idp20898992"/><cn id="idp20899120" type="float">3.9</cn><ci id="idp20899648">κ</ci><apply id="idp20899936"><csymbol id="idp20900064" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20900624"><csymbol id="idp20900752" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20901312">α</ci><ci id="idp20901600">w</ci></apply><cn id="idp20901856" type="integer">4</cn></apply><apply id="idp20902384"><csymbol id="idp20902512" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20903072"><csymbol id="idp20903200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20903760">g</ci><ci id="idp20904016">∗</ci></apply><apply id="idp20904304"><minus id="idp20904432"/><cn id="idp20904560" type="integer">1</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp20905088"><divide id="idp20905216"/><ci id="idp20905344">m</ci><ci id="idp20905600">T</ci></apply><ci id="idp20905856">Δ</ci><apply id="idp20906144"><csymbol id="idp20906272" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20906832">θ</ci><apply id="idp20907120"><times id="idp20907248"/><ci id="idp20907376">C</ci><ci id="idp20907632">P</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp20907888"><minus id="idp20908016"/><cn id="idp20908144" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20908672"><csymbol id="idp20908800" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20909360">e</ci><apply id="idp20909616"><minus id="idp20909744"/><apply id="idp20909872"><times id="idp20910000"/><apply id="idp20910128"><csymbol id="idp20910256" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20910816"><ci id="idp20910944">¯</ci><ci id="idp20911232">Γ</ci></apply><ci id="idp20911520">s</ci></apply><ci id="idp20911776">τ</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply><ci id="idp20912064">SF</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20912320" encoding="application/x-tex">\frac{n_{B}^{l}}{s}\sim 3.9\kappa\alpha _{w}^{4}g_{{\ast}}^{{-1}}\left(\frac{m}{T}\right)\Delta\theta _{{CP}}(1-e^{{-\overline{\Gamma}_{s}\tau}})\times({\rm SF}),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20913024" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20913424" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20914192" class="refnum">29</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20914976" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20915600" alttext="m" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20916320"><mi id="idp20916448">m</mi><annotation-xml id="idp20916704" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp20917072">m</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20917328" encoding="application/x-tex">m</annotation></semantics></math> is the mass of the particles which make the dominant contribution
to the chiral anomaly, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20918160" alttext="\Delta\theta _{{CP}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20918880"><mrow id="idp20919008"><mi id="idp20919136" mathvariant="normal">Δ</mi><mo id="idp20919664">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20919952"><mi id="idp20920080">θ</mi><mrow id="idp20920368"><mi id="idp20920496">C</mi><mo id="idp20920752">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20921040">P</mi></mrow></msub></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20921296" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20921696"><times id="idp20921824"/><ci id="idp20921952">Δ</ci><apply id="idp20922240"><csymbol id="idp20922368" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20922928">θ</ci><apply id="idp20923216"><times id="idp20923344"/><ci id="idp20923472">C</ci><ci id="idp20923728">P</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20923984" encoding="application/x-tex">\Delta\theta _{{CP}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the magnitude of CP
violation (assumed to be of order unity), and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20924848" alttext="({\rm SF})" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20925568"><mfenced id="idp20925696" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp20926304">SF</mi></mfenced><annotation-xml id="idp20926560" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp20926928">SF</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20927184" encoding="application/x-tex">({\rm SF})</annotation></semantics></math> is the
geometrical suppression factor,
which represents the ratio between the volume in
which baryogenesis actually occurs and the total volume. The entropy
density is given by</p><table id="idp20928064" class="equation">
      <tr id="S3.E30" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20929264" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20929664" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20930400" alttext="s=\frac{2\pi^{2}}{45}g_{{\ast}}T^{3}," display="block"><semantics id="idp20931168"><mrow id="idp20931296"><mrow id="idp20931424"><mi id="idp20931552">s</mi><mo id="idp20931808">=</mo><mrow id="idp20932064"><mfrac id="idp20932192"><mrow id="idp20932320"><mn id="idp20932448">2</mn><mo id="idp20932704">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20932960"><mi id="idp20933088">π</mi><mn id="idp20933344">2</mn></msup></mrow><mn id="idp20933600">45</mn></mfrac><mo id="idp20933856">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20934144"><mi id="idp20934272">g</mi><mo id="idp20934528">∗</mo></msub><mo id="idp20934816">⁢</mo><msup id="idp20935104"><mi id="idp20935232">T</mi><mn id="idp20935488">3</mn></msup></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20935744">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20936000" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20936400"><eq id="idp20936528"/><ci id="idp20936656">s</ci><apply id="idp20936912"><times id="idp20937040"/><apply id="idp20937168"><divide id="idp20937296"/><apply id="idp20937424"><times id="idp20937552"/><cn id="idp20937680" type="integer">2</cn><apply id="idp20938208"><csymbol id="idp20938336" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20938896">π</ci><cn id="idp20939184" type="integer">2</cn></apply></apply><cn id="idp20939712" type="integer">45</cn></apply><apply id="idp20940240"><csymbol id="idp20940368" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20940928">g</ci><ci id="idp20941184">∗</ci></apply><apply id="idp20941472"><csymbol id="idp20941600" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20942160">T</ci><cn id="idp20942416" type="integer">3</cn></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20942944" encoding="application/x-tex">s=\frac{2\pi^{2}}{45}g_{{\ast}}T^{3},</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp20943520" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20943920" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp20944688" class="refnum">30</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp20945520" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20946144" alttext="g_{{\ast}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20946864"><msub id="idp20946992"><mi id="idp20947120">g</mi><mo id="idp20947376">∗</mo></msub><annotation-xml id="idp20947632" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20948032"><csymbol id="idp20948160" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20948720">g</ci><ci id="idp20948976">∗</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20949264" encoding="application/x-tex">g_{{\ast}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the effective number of degrees of freedom.</p></div><div id="S3.p2" class="para"><p id="idp20950688" class="p">Next, we consider non-local baryogenesis, particularly focusing on the
case when baryon number violation is driven by chemical potentials for
left-handed leptons <cite id="idp20951360" class="cite"><a id="idp20951760" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a>; <a id="idp20952928" href="#bib.bib31" title="" class="ref">(31)</a></cite>. For other cases, the discussion
runs parallel in essence. Defining the diffusion root <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20954304" alttext="\lambda _{D}\equiv v_{D}/D_{L}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20955072"><mrow id="idp20955200"><msub id="idp20955328"><mi id="idp20955456">λ</mi><mi id="idp20955712">D</mi></msub><mo id="idp20955968">≡</mo><mrow id="idp20956224"><msub id="idp20956352"><mi id="idp20956480">v</mi><mi id="idp20956736">D</mi></msub><mo id="idp20956992">/</mo><msub id="idp20957248"><mi id="idp20957376">D</mi><mi id="idp20957632">L</mi></msub></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20957888" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20958288"><equivalent id="idp20958416"/><apply id="idp20958544"><csymbol id="idp20958672" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20959232">λ</ci><ci id="idp20959520">D</ci></apply><apply id="idp20959776"><divide id="idp20959904"/><apply id="idp20960032"><csymbol id="idp20960160" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20960720">v</ci><ci id="idp20960976">D</ci></apply><apply id="idp20961232"><csymbol id="idp20961360" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20961920">D</ci><ci id="idp20962176">L</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20962432" encoding="application/x-tex">\lambda _{D}\equiv v_{D}/D_{L}</annotation></semantics></math> with the diffusion constant <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20963280" alttext="D_{L}\sim 1/(8\alpha _{w}^{2}T)" display="inline"><semantics id="idp20964048"><mrow id="idp20964176"><msub id="idp20964304"><mi id="idp20964432">D</mi><mi id="idp20964688">L</mi></msub><mo id="idp20964944">∼</mo><mrow id="idp20965200"><mn id="idp20965328">1</mn><mo id="idp20965584">/</mo><mfenced id="idp20965840" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20966448"><mn id="idp20966576">8</mn><mo id="idp20966832">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp20967088"><mi id="idp20967216">α</mi><mi id="idp20967504">w</mi><mn id="idp20967760">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp20968016">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20968304">T</mi></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20968560" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20968960"><csymbol id="idp20969088" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp20969648"><csymbol id="idp20969776" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20970336">D</ci><ci id="idp20970592">L</ci></apply><apply id="idp20970848"><divide id="idp20970976"/><cn id="idp20971104" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20971632"><times id="idp20971760"/><cn id="idp20971888" type="integer">8</cn><apply id="idp20972416"><csymbol id="idp20972544" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20973104"><csymbol id="idp20973232" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20973792">α</ci><ci id="idp20974080">w</ci></apply><cn id="idp20974336" type="integer">2</cn></apply><ci id="idp20974864">T</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20975120" encoding="application/x-tex">D_{L}\sim 1/(8\alpha _{w}^{2}T)</annotation></semantics></math> for
leptons, the net baryon asymmetry is given by</p><table id="idp20975888" class="equation">
      <tr id="S3.E31" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp20977088" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp20977488" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp20978224" alttext="n_{B}^{{nl}}=n_{B}^{{nl,0}}(1-e^{{-\delta _{b}\lambda _{D}}})," display="block"><semantics id="idp20979024"><mrow id="idp20979152"><mrow id="idp20979280"><msubsup id="idp20979408"><mi id="idp20979536">n</mi><mi id="idp20979792">B</mi><mrow id="idp20980048"><mi id="idp20980176">n</mi><mo id="idp20980432">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20980688">l</mi></mrow></msubsup><mo id="idp20980944">=</mo><mrow id="idp20981200"><msubsup id="idp20981328"><mi id="idp20981456">n</mi><mi id="idp20981712">B</mi><mrow id="idp20981968"><mrow id="idp20982096"><mi id="idp20982224">n</mi><mo id="idp20982480">⁢</mo><mi id="idp20982736">l</mi></mrow><mo id="idp20982992">,</mo><mn id="idp20983248">0</mn></mrow></msubsup><mo id="idp20983504">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp20983792" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp20984400"><mn id="idp20984528">1</mn><mo id="idp20984784">-</mo><msup id="idp20985040"><mi id="idp20985168">e</mi><mrow id="idp20985424"><mo id="idp20985552">-</mo><mrow id="idp20985808"><msub id="idp20985936"><mi id="idp20986064">δ</mi><mi id="idp20986352">b</mi></msub><mo id="idp20986608">⁢</mo><msub id="idp20986896"><mi id="idp20987024">λ</mi><mi id="idp20987312">D</mi></msub></mrow></mrow></msup></mrow></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp20987568">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp20987824" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp20988224"><eq id="idp20988352"/><apply id="idp20988480"><csymbol id="idp20988608" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20989168"><csymbol id="idp20989296" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20989856">n</ci><ci id="idp20990112">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp20990368"><times id="idp20990496"/><ci id="idp20990624">n</ci><ci id="idp20990880">l</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp20991136"><times id="idp20991264"/><apply id="idp20991392"><csymbol id="idp20991520" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp20992080"><csymbol id="idp20992208" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20992768">n</ci><ci id="idp20993024">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp20993280"><list id="idp20993408"/><apply id="idp20993536"><times id="idp20993664"/><ci id="idp20993792">n</ci><ci id="idp20994048">l</ci></apply><cn id="idp20994304" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply><apply id="idp20994832"><minus id="idp20994960"/><cn id="idp20995088" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp20995616"><csymbol id="idp20995744" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20996304">e</ci><apply id="idp20996560"><minus id="idp20996688"/><apply id="idp20996816"><times id="idp20996944"/><apply id="idp20997072"><csymbol id="idp20997200" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20997760">δ</ci><ci id="idp20998048">b</ci></apply><apply id="idp20998304"><csymbol id="idp20998432" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp20998992">λ</ci><ci id="idp20999280">D</ci></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp20999536" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{B}^{{nl}}=n_{B}^{{nl,0}}(1-e^{{-\delta _{b}\lambda _{D}}}),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp21000144" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp21000544" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp21001312" class="refnum">31</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp21002096" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21002720" alttext="n_{B}^{{nl,0}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21003440"><msubsup id="idp21003568"><mi id="idp21003696">n</mi><mi id="idp21003952">B</mi><mrow id="idp21004208"><mrow id="idp21004336"><mi id="idp21004464">n</mi><mo id="idp21004720">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21004976">l</mi></mrow><mo id="idp21005232">,</mo><mn id="idp21005488">0</mn></mrow></msubsup><annotation-xml id="idp21005744" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21006144"><csymbol id="idp21006272" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21006832"><csymbol id="idp21006960" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21007520">n</ci><ci id="idp21007776">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp21008032"><list id="idp21008160"/><apply id="idp21008288"><times id="idp21008416"/><ci id="idp21008544">n</ci><ci id="idp21008800">l</ci></apply><cn id="idp21009056" type="integer">0</cn></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21009584" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{B}^{{nl,0}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the baryon number density produced in front of the
trailing edge. Solving the diffusion equation for the flux of
left-handed leptons, we obtain the baryon to entropy ratio,</p><table id="idp21010464" class="equation">
      <tr id="S3.E32" class="equation baseline"><td id="idp21011664" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp21012064" class="center" colspan="1"><math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21012800" alttext="\frac{n_{B}^{{nl}}}{s}\sim 0.2\kappa\alpha _{w}^{2}g_{{\ast}}^{{-1}}\Delta\theta _{{CP}}\frac{1}{v_{D}}\left(\frac{m_{l}}{T}\right)^{2}\left(\frac{m_{H}}{T}\right)\left(\frac{\xi _{L}}{D_{L}}\right)\times({\rm SF})\sim 10^{{-6}}\kappa\Delta\theta _{{CP}}\frac{y_{{\tau}}^{2}}{v_{D}}\times({\rm SF})," display="block"><semantics id="idp21013840"><mrow id="idp21013968"><mrow id="idp21014096"><mfrac id="idp21014224"><msubsup id="idp21014352"><mi id="idp21014480">n</mi><mi id="idp21014736">B</mi><mrow id="idp21014992"><mi id="idp21015120">n</mi><mo id="idp21015376">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21015632">l</mi></mrow></msubsup><mi id="idp21015888">s</mi></mfrac><mo id="idp21016144">∼</mo><mrow id="idp21016400"><mrow id="idp21016528"><mn id="idp21016656">0.2</mn><mo id="idp21016960">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21017248">κ</mi><mo id="idp21017536">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp21017824"><mi id="idp21017952">α</mi><mi id="idp21018240">w</mi><mn id="idp21018496">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp21018752">⁢</mo><msubsup id="idp21019040"><mi id="idp21019168">g</mi><mo id="idp21019424">∗</mo><mrow id="idp21019712"><mo id="idp21019840">-</mo><mn id="idp21020096">1</mn></mrow></msubsup><mo id="idp21020352">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21020640" mathvariant="normal">Δ</mi><mo id="idp21021200">⁢</mo><msub id="idp21021488"><mi id="idp21021616">θ</mi><mrow id="idp21021904"><mi id="idp21022032">C</mi><mo id="idp21022288">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21022576">P</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp21022832">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp21023120"><mn id="idp21023248">1</mn><msub id="idp21023504"><mi id="idp21023632">v</mi><mi id="idp21023888">D</mi></msub></mfrac><mo id="idp21024144">⁢</mo><msup id="idp21024432"><mfenced id="idp21024560" open="(" close=")"><mfrac id="idp21025168"><msub id="idp21025296"><mi id="idp21025424">m</mi><mi id="idp21025680">l</mi></msub><mi id="idp21025936">T</mi></mfrac></mfenced><mn id="idp21026192">2</mn></msup><mo id="idp21026448">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp21026736" open="(" close=")"><mfrac id="idp21027344"><msub id="idp21027472"><mi id="idp21027600">m</mi><mi id="idp21027856">H</mi></msub><mi id="idp21028112">T</mi></mfrac></mfenced><mo id="idp21028368">⁢</mo><mfenced id="idp21028656" open="(" close=")"><mfrac id="idp21029264"><msub id="idp21029392"><mi id="idp21029520">ξ</mi><mi id="idp21029808">L</mi></msub><msub id="idp21030064"><mi id="idp21030192">D</mi><mi id="idp21030448">L</mi></msub></mfrac></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp21030704">×</mo><mfenced id="idp21030992" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp21031600">SF</mi></mfenced></mrow><mo id="idp21031856">∼</mo><mrow id="idp21032144"><mrow id="idp21032272"><msup id="idp21032400"><mn id="idp21032528">10</mn><mrow id="idp21032784"><mo id="idp21032912">-</mo><mn id="idp21033168">6</mn></mrow></msup><mo id="idp21033424">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21033712">κ</mi><mo id="idp21034000">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21034288" mathvariant="normal">Δ</mi><mo id="idp21034848">⁢</mo><msub id="idp21035136"><mi id="idp21035264">θ</mi><mrow id="idp21035552"><mi id="idp21035680">C</mi><mo id="idp21035936">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21036224">P</mi></mrow></msub><mo id="idp21036480">⁢</mo><mfrac id="idp21036768"><msubsup id="idp21036896"><mi id="idp21037024">y</mi><mi id="idp21037280">τ</mi><mn id="idp21037568">2</mn></msubsup><msub id="idp21037824"><mi id="idp21037952">v</mi><mi id="idp21038208">D</mi></msub></mfrac></mrow><mo id="idp21038464">×</mo><mfenced id="idp21038752" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp21039360">SF</mi></mfenced></mrow></mrow><mo id="idp21039616">,</mo></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp21039872" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21040272"><and id="idp21040400"/><apply id="idp21040528"><csymbol id="idp21040656" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><apply id="idp21041216"><divide id="idp21041344"/><apply id="idp21041472"><csymbol id="idp21041600" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21042160"><csymbol id="idp21042288" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21042848">n</ci><ci id="idp21043104">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp21043360"><times id="idp21043488"/><ci id="idp21043616">n</ci><ci id="idp21043872">l</ci></apply></apply><ci id="idp21044128">s</ci></apply><apply id="idp21044384" xml:id="S3.E32.m1.sh1.cmml"><times id="idp21044960"/><apply id="idp21045088"><times id="idp21045216"/><cn id="idp21045344" type="float">0.2</cn><ci id="idp21045840">κ</ci><apply id="idp21046128"><csymbol id="idp21046256" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21046816"><csymbol id="idp21046944" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21047504">α</ci><ci id="idp21047792">w</ci></apply><cn id="idp21048048" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp21048576"><csymbol id="idp21048704" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21049264"><csymbol id="idp21049392" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21049952">g</ci><ci id="idp21050208">∗</ci></apply><apply id="idp21050496"><minus id="idp21050624"/><cn id="idp21050752" type="integer">1</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp21051280">Δ</ci><apply id="idp21051568"><csymbol id="idp21051696" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21052256">θ</ci><apply id="idp21052544"><times id="idp21052672"/><ci id="idp21052800">C</ci><ci id="idp21053056">P</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp21053312"><divide id="idp21053440"/><cn id="idp21053568" type="integer">1</cn><apply id="idp21054096"><csymbol id="idp21054224" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21054784">v</ci><ci id="idp21055040">D</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp21055296"><csymbol id="idp21055424" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21055984"><divide id="idp21056112"/><apply id="idp21056240"><csymbol id="idp21056368" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21056928">m</ci><ci id="idp21057184">l</ci></apply><ci id="idp21057440">T</ci></apply><cn id="idp21057696" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp21058224"><divide id="idp21058352"/><apply id="idp21058480"><csymbol id="idp21058608" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21059168">m</ci><ci id="idp21059424">H</ci></apply><ci id="idp21059680">T</ci></apply><apply id="idp21059936"><divide id="idp21060064"/><apply id="idp21060192"><csymbol id="idp21060320" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21060880">ξ</ci><ci id="idp21061168">L</ci></apply><apply id="idp21061424"><csymbol id="idp21061552" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21062112">D</ci><ci id="idp21062368">L</ci></apply></apply></apply><ci id="idp21062624">SF</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp21062880"><csymbol id="idp21063008" cd="latexml">similar-to</csymbol><share id="idp21063568" href="#S3.E32.m1.sh1.cmml"/><apply id="idp21063968" xml:id="S3.E32.m1.sh2.cmml"><times id="idp21064496"/><apply id="idp21064624"><times id="idp21064752"/><apply id="idp21064880"><csymbol id="idp21065008" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><cn id="idp21065536" type="integer">10</cn><apply id="idp21066064"><minus id="idp21066192"/><cn id="idp21066320" type="integer">6</cn></apply></apply><ci id="idp21066848">κ</ci><ci id="idp21067136">Δ</ci><apply id="idp21067424"><csymbol id="idp21067552" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21068112">θ</ci><apply id="idp21068400"><times id="idp21068528"/><ci id="idp21068656">C</ci><ci id="idp21068912">P</ci></apply></apply><apply id="idp21069168"><divide id="idp21069296"/><apply id="idp21069424"><csymbol id="idp21069552" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21070112"><csymbol id="idp21070240" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21070800">y</ci><ci id="idp21071056">τ</ci></apply><cn id="idp21071344" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp21071872"><csymbol id="idp21072000" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21072560">v</ci><ci id="idp21072816">D</ci></apply></apply></apply><ci id="idp21073072">SF</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21073328" encoding="application/x-tex">\frac{n_{B}^{{nl}}}{s}\sim 0.2\kappa\alpha _{w}^{2}g_{{\ast}}^{{-1}}\Delta\theta _{{CP}}\frac{1}{v_{D}}\left(\frac{m_{l}}{T}\right)^{2}\left(\frac{m_{H}}{T}\right)\left(\frac{\xi _{L}}{D_{L}}\right)\times({\rm SF})\sim 10^{{-6}}\kappa\Delta\theta _{{CP}}\frac{y_{{\tau}}^{2}}{v_{D}}\times({\rm SF}),</annotation></semantics></math></td><td id="idp21074176" class="eqpad"/><td id="idp21074576" rowspan="1" class="middle right">(<span id="idp21075344" class="refnum">32</span>)</td></tr>
      </table><p id="idp21076128" class="p">where <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21076752" alttext="m_{l}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21077472"><msub id="idp21077600"><mi id="idp21077728">m</mi><mi id="idp21077984">l</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp21078240" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21078608"><csymbol id="idp21078736" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21079296">m</ci><ci id="idp21079552">l</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21079808" encoding="application/x-tex">m_{l}</annotation></semantics></math> is the mass of the leptons, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21080640" alttext="m_{H}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21081360"><msub id="idp21081488"><mi id="idp21081616">m</mi><mi id="idp21081872">H</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp21082128" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21082496"><csymbol id="idp21082624" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21083184">m</ci><ci id="idp21083440">H</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21083696" encoding="application/x-tex">m_{H}</annotation></semantics></math> is the Higgs mass, <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21084512" alttext="\xi _{L}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21085232"><msub id="idp21085360"><mi id="idp21085488">ξ</mi><mi id="idp21085744">L</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp21086000" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21086400"><csymbol id="idp21086528" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21087088">ξ</ci><ci id="idp21087376">L</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21087632" encoding="application/x-tex">\xi _{L}</annotation></semantics></math> is
the persistence length, and <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21088464" alttext="y_{{\tau}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21089184"><msub id="idp21089312"><mi id="idp21089440">y</mi><mi id="idp21089696">τ</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp21089952" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21090352"><csymbol id="idp21090480" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21091040">y</ci><ci id="idp21091296">τ</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21091584" encoding="application/x-tex">y_{{\tau}}</annotation></semantics></math> is the Yukawa coupling constant
for tau leptons. We have used in the second step that contributions
coming from tau leptons are dominant. In the case that domain walls
evolve according to the scaling solution for a long time, the equilibrium
baryon number is reached as long as the sphaleron is active inside the
cores, which enhances the baryon number <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21092736" alttext="n_{B}^{{nl}}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21093456"><msubsup id="idp21093584"><mi id="idp21093712">n</mi><mi id="idp21093968">B</mi><mrow id="idp21094224"><mi id="idp21094352">n</mi><mo id="idp21094608">⁢</mo><mi id="idp21094864">l</mi></mrow></msubsup><annotation-xml id="idp21095120" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21095520"><csymbol id="idp21095648" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21096208"><csymbol id="idp21096336" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21096896">n</ci><ci id="idp21097152">B</ci></apply><apply id="idp21097408"><times id="idp21097536"/><ci id="idp21097664">n</ci><ci id="idp21097920">l</ci></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21098176" encoding="application/x-tex">n_{B}^{{nl}}</annotation></semantics></math> by the factor <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21098992" alttext="v_{D}^{2}/(\overline{\Gamma}_{s}D_{L})" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21099760"><mrow id="idp21099888"><msubsup id="idp21100016"><mi id="idp21100144">v</mi><mi id="idp21100400">D</mi><mn id="idp21100656">2</mn></msubsup><mo id="idp21100912">/</mo><mfenced id="idp21101168" open="(" close=")"><mrow id="idp21101776"><msub id="idp21101904"><mover id="idp21102032" accent="true"><mi id="idp21102400" mathvariant="normal">Γ</mi><mo id="idp21102928">¯</mo></mover><mi id="idp21103216">s</mi></msub><mo id="idp21103472">⁢</mo><msub id="idp21103760"><mi id="idp21103888">D</mi><mi id="idp21104144">L</mi></msub></mrow></mfenced></mrow><annotation-xml id="idp21104400" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21104800"><divide id="idp21104928"/><apply id="idp21105056"><csymbol id="idp21105184" cd="ambiguous">superscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21105744"><csymbol id="idp21105872" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21106432">v</ci><ci id="idp21106688">D</ci></apply><cn id="idp21106944" type="integer">2</cn></apply><apply id="idp21107472"><times id="idp21107600"/><apply id="idp21107728"><csymbol id="idp21107856" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><apply id="idp21108416"><ci id="idp21108544">¯</ci><ci id="idp21108832">Γ</ci></apply><ci id="idp21109120">s</ci></apply><apply id="idp21109376"><csymbol id="idp21109504" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21110064">D</ci><ci id="idp21110320">L</ci></apply></apply></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21110576" encoding="application/x-tex">v_{D}^{2}/(\overline{\Gamma}_{s}D_{L})</annotation></semantics></math> <cite id="idp21111280" class="cite"><a id="idp21111680" href="#bib.bib12" title="" class="ref">(12)</a></cite>.</p></div><div id="S3.p3" class="para"><p id="idp21113520" class="p">In our case, the suppression factor <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21114160" alttext="({\rm SF})" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21114880"><mfenced id="idp21115008" open="(" close=")"><mi id="idp21115616">SF</mi></mfenced><annotation-xml id="idp21115872" encoding="MathML-Content"><ci id="idp21116240">SF</ci></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21116496" encoding="application/x-tex">({\rm SF})</annotation></semantics></math> is given by the wall
velocity <math xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" id="idp21117328" alttext="v_{D}" display="inline"><semantics id="idp21118048"><msub id="idp21118176"><mi id="idp21118304">v</mi><mi id="idp21118560">D</mi></msub><annotation-xml id="idp21118816" encoding="MathML-Content"><apply id="idp21119184"><csymbol id="idp21119312" cd="ambiguous">subscript</csymbol><ci id="idp21119872">v</ci><ci id="idp21120128">D</ci></apply></annotation-xml><annotation id="idp21120384" encoding="application/x-tex">v_{D}</annotation></semantics></math> because domain walls are two-dimensional
objects. Therefore, as long as wall motions are relativistic, there is
no significant suppression so that (as (<a id="idp21121472" href="#S3.E32" title="(32) ‣ III Electroweak baryogenesis ‣ Electroweak Baryogenesis with Embedded Domain Walls" class="ref"><span id="idp21121248" class="text reftag">32</span></a>) shows)
a sufficient baryon asymmetry can easily be
produced by our scenario.</p></div></div><div id="S4" class="section"><h2 id="idp21123568" class="title section-title"><span id="idp21123936" class="tag">IV </span>Discussion and Conclusions</h2><div id="S4.p1" class="para"><p id="idp21125280" class="p">In this paper, we discuss electroweak baryogenesis in the context of
embedded domain walls. The walls are stabilized by thermal plasma
effects so that the electroweak symmetry is restored and sphaleron
processes are active inside their cores. Then, as we show, a sufficient
baryon asymmetry can easily be produced during
the cosmological evolution of the wall network.
Different from the case of stable cosmic strings,
the volume factor which suppresses defect-mediated baryogenesis
from a baryogenesis process which is effectively uniform in space
is not significant because domain walls are
two-dimensional objects, which, when relativistically moving, sweep
out a fraction of order unity of space. This  makes it easy to
produce a sufficient baryon asymmetry.</p></div><div id="S4.p2" class="para"><p id="idp21127232" class="p">In general, a network of stable domain walls will easily
dominate the energy density of the universe, leading to a severe
cosmological problem. But, in our case, the domain walls are not stable.
They are stabilized by thermal plasma and undergo a core phase
transition at some critical temperature. This transition reduces
their energy per unit area  (the tension of the domain walls
decreases in proportion to the cosmic temperature),
thus leading to a significant relaxation of the condition not to
overdominate the energy of the universe. The walls may even decay
completely after recombination.</p></div><div id="S4.p3" class="para"><p id="idp21129008" class="p">Note that our scenario requires the use of a Coleman-Weinberg
potential as opposed to a potential in which the scalar field
has a positive square mass at the origin. In spite of this caveat,
the positive results of this investigation warrant a further
investigation of the fate of embedded defects stabilized by thermal plasmas.
This is a topic of future work.</p></div></div><div id="idp21129888" class="acknowledgements"><h6 id="idp21130288">Acknowledgements.</h6>
We are grateful to Alessio Notari, Balaji Katlai, and Natalia Shuhmaher
for useful discussions on the plasma stabilization of embedded defects.
RB is supported in part (at McGill) by an NSERC Discovery grant
and (at Brown) by the US Department of Energy under Contract
DE-FG02-91ER40688, TASK A.
</div><div id="bib" class="bibliography"><h2 id="idp21131952" class="title bibliography-title">References</h2><ul id="idp21132528" class="biblist"><li id="bib.bib1" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21133600" class="bibtag">(1)</span><div id="idp21134128" class="bibblock"/></li><li id="bib.bib2" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21135200" class="bibtag">(2)</span><div id="idp21135728" class="bibblock">
For example,
J. M. O’Meara <span id="idp21136336" class="text italic">et al.</span>,
Astrophys. J. <span id="idp21137056" class="text bold">552</span>, 718 (2001);<br id="idp21137744" class="break"/>M. Pettini and D. V. Bowen,
Astrophys. J. <span id="idp21138336" class="text bold">560</span>, 41 (2001);<br id="idp21139024" class="break"/>S. D’Odorico, M. Dessauges-Zavadsky, and P. Molaro,
Astron. Astrophys. <span id="idp21139712" class="text bold">368</span>, L21 (2001);<br id="idp21140400" class="break"/>D. Kirkman  <span id="idp21140960" class="text italic">et al.</span>,
Astrophys. J. Suppl. <span id="idp21141680" class="text bold">149</span>, L1 (2003).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib3" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21143040" class="bibtag">(3)</span><div id="idp21143568" class="bibblock">
C. L. Bennett <span id="idp21144144" class="text italic">et al.</span>,
Astrophys. J. Suppl. <span id="idp21144896" class="text bold">148</span>, 1 (2003);<br id="idp21145584" class="break"/>D. N. Spergel <span id="idp21146160" class="text italic">et al.</span>,
Astrophys. J. Suppl. <span id="idp21146912" class="text bold">148</span>, 175 (2003).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib4" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21148272" class="bibtag">(4)</span><div id="idp21148800" class="bibblock">
V. A. Kuzmin, V. A. Rubakov and M. E. Shaposhnikov,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21149488" class="text bold">191</span>, 171 (1987).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib5" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21150848" class="bibtag">(5)</span><div id="idp21151376" class="bibblock">
A. D. Sakharov,
Pisma Zh. Eksp. Teor. Fiz. <span id="idp21152016" class="text bold">5</span>, 32 (1967)
[JETP Lett. <span id="idp21152736" class="text bold">5</span>, 24 (1967 SOPUA,34,392-393.1991 UFNAA,161,61-64.1991)].
</div></li><li id="bib.bib6" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21154192" class="bibtag">(6)</span><div id="idp21154720" class="bibblock">
M. Trodden,
Rev. Mod. Phys. <span id="idp21155328" class="text bold">71</span>, 1463 (1999);<br id="idp21156016" class="break"/>M. Quiros,
Nucl. Phys. Proc. Suppl. <span id="idp21156640" class="text bold">101</span>, 401 (2001).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib7" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21158000" class="bibtag">(7)</span><div id="idp21158528" class="bibblock">
M. Laine and K. Rummukainen,
Nucl. Phys. B <span id="idp21159168" class="text bold">597</span>, 23 (2001).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib8" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21160528" class="bibtag">(8)</span><div id="idp21161056" class="bibblock">
R. H. Brandenberger and A. C. Davis,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21161712" class="text bold">308</span>, 79 (1993).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib9" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21163072" class="bibtag">(9)</span><div id="idp21163600" class="bibblock">
T. Vachaspati,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21164224" class="text bold">68</span>, 1977 (1992)
[Erratum-ibid. <span id="idp21164960" class="text bold">69</span>, 216 (1992)].
</div></li><li id="bib.bib10" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21166368" class="bibtag">(10)</span><div id="idp21166928" class="bibblock">
M. James, L. Perivolaropoulos and T. Vachaspati,
Nucl. Phys. B <span id="idp21167616" class="text bold">395</span>, 534 (1993).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib11" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21168976" class="bibtag">(11)</span><div id="idp21169536" class="bibblock">
R. H. Brandenberger, A. C. Davis and M. Trodden,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21170224" class="text bold">335</span>, 123 (1994).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib12" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21171632" class="bibtag">(12)</span><div id="idp21172192" class="bibblock">
R. H. Brandenberger, A. C. Davis, T. Prokopec and M. Trodden,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21172912" class="text bold">53</span>, 4257 (1996).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib13" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21174320" class="bibtag">(13)</span><div id="idp21174880" class="bibblock">
J. M. Cline, J. R. Espinosa, G. D. Moore and A. Riotto,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21175584" class="text bold">59</span>, 065014 (1999).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib14" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21176944" class="bibtag">(14)</span><div id="idp21177504" class="bibblock">
A. Vilenkin and E.P.S. Shellard, <span id="idp21178080" class="text italic">Cosmic Strings and Other
Topological Defects</span> (Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 1994).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib15" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21179536" class="bibtag">(15)</span><div id="idp21180096" class="bibblock">
M. B. Hindmarsh and T. W. B. Kibble,
Rept. Prog. Phys. <span id="idp21180768" class="text bold">58</span>, 477 (1995).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib16" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21182128" class="bibtag">(16)</span><div id="idp21182688" class="bibblock">
R. H. Brandenberger,
Int. J. Mod. Phys. A <span id="idp21183328" class="text bold">9</span>, 2117 (1994).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib17" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21184688" class="bibtag">(17)</span><div id="idp21185248" class="bibblock">
M. Barriola, T. Vachaspati and M. Bucher,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21185920" class="text bold">50</span>, 2819 (1994);<br id="idp21186608" class="break"/>for review, see:
A. Achucarro and T. Vachaspati,
Phys. Rept. <span id="idp21187280" class="text bold">327</span>, 347 (2000).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib18" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21188688" class="bibtag">(18)</span><div id="idp21189248" class="bibblock">
M. Nagasawa and R. H. Brandenberger,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21189904" class="text bold">467</span>, 205 (1999);<br id="idp21190592" class="break"/>M. Nagasawa and R. Brandenberger,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21191232" class="text bold">67</span>, 043504 (2003).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib19" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21192592" class="bibtag">(19)</span><div id="idp21193152" class="bibblock">
M. Axenides, L. Perivolaropoulos and M. Trodden,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21193840" class="text bold">58</span>, 083505 (1998).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib20" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21195200" class="bibtag">(20)</span><div id="idp21195760" class="bibblock">
S. R. Coleman and E. Weinberg,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21196400" class="text bold">7</span>, 1888 (1973).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib21" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21197760" class="bibtag">(21)</span><div id="idp21198320" class="bibblock">
T. W. B. Kibble,
J. Phys. A <span id="idp21198928" class="text bold">9</span>, 1387 (1976);<br id="idp21199616" class="break"/>A. Albrecht and N. Turok,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21200256" class="text bold">54</span>, 1868 (1985);<br id="idp21200944" class="break"/>A. Albrecht and N. Turok,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21201568" class="text bold">40</span>, 973 (1989);<br id="idp21202256" class="break"/>D. P. Bennett and F. R. Bouchet,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21202912" class="text bold">60</span>, 257 (1988);<br id="idp21203600" class="break"/>D. P. Bennett and F. R. Bouchet,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21204256" class="text bold">63</span>, 2776 (1989);<br id="idp21204992" class="break"/>D. P. Bennett and F. R. Bouchet,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21205648" class="text bold">41</span>, 2408 (1990);<br id="idp21206384" class="break"/>B. Allen and E. P. S. Shellard,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21207040" class="text bold">64</span>, 119 (1990).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib22" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21208400" class="bibtag">(22)</span><div id="idp21208960" class="bibblock">
M. Yamaguchi, J. Yokoyama, M. Kawasaki,
Prog. Theor. Phys. <span id="idp21209568" class="text bold">100</span>, 535 (1998);<br id="idp21210256" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi, M. Kawasaki, and J. Yokoyama,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21210864" class="text bold">82</span>, 4578 (1999);<br id="idp21211552" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21212128" class="text bold">60</span>, 103511 (1999);<br id="idp21212816" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi, J. Yokoyama, and M. Kawasaki,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21213424" class="text bold">61</span>, 061301(R) (2000);<br id="idp21214112" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi and J. Yokoyama,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21214704" class="text bold">66</span>, 121303(R) (2002);<br id="idp21215392" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi and J. Yokoyama,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21215984" class="text bold">67</span>, 103514 (2003).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib23" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21217344" class="bibtag">(23)</span><div id="idp21217904" class="bibblock">
M. Barriola and A. Vilenkin,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21218496" class="text bold">63</span>, 341 (1989);<br id="idp21219184" class="break"/>D. P. Bennett and S. H. Rhie,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21219776" class="text bold">65</span>, 1709 (1990);<br id="idp21220512" class="break"/>U. Pen, D. N. Spergel, and N. Turok,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21221104" class="text bold">49</span>, 692 (1994);<br id="idp21221792" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21222368" class="text bold">64</span>, 081301(R) (2001);<br id="idp21223056" class="break"/>M. Yamaguchi,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21223632" class="text bold">65</span>, 063518 (2002).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib24" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21224992" class="bibtag">(24)</span><div id="idp21225552" class="bibblock">
D. Coulson, Z. Lalak, and B. Ovrut,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21226144" class="text bold">53</span>, 4237 (1996);<br id="idp21226832" class="break"/>S. E. Larsson, S. Sarkar, and P. L. White,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21227440" class="text bold">55</span>, 5129 (1997);<br id="idp21228128" class="break"/>T. Garagounis and M. Hindmarsh,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21228720" class="text bold">68</span>, 103506 (2003).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib25" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21230080" class="bibtag">(25)</span><div id="idp21230640" class="bibblock">
B. Carter, R. H. Brandenberger and A. C. Davis,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21231328" class="text bold">65</span>, 103520 (2002).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib26" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21232688" class="bibtag">(26)</span><div id="idp21233248" class="bibblock">
R. H. Brandenberger, B. Carter and A. C. Davis,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21233936" class="text bold">534</span>, 1 (2002);<br id="idp21234672" class="break"/>R. H. Brandenberger, A. C. Davis and M. J. Rees,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21235360" class="text bold">349</span>, 329 (1995).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib27" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21236720" class="bibtag">(27)</span><div id="idp21237280" class="bibblock">
A. D. Linde,
Phys. Lett. <span id="idp21237856" class="text bold">100B</span>, 37 (1981);<br id="idp21238576" class="break"/>A. D. Linde,
Nucl. Phys. <span id="idp21239152" class="text bold">B216</span>, 421 (1983).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib28" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21240544" class="bibtag">(28)</span><div id="idp21241104" class="bibblock">
N. Turok and T. Zadrozny,
Phys. Rev. Lett. <span id="idp21241696" class="text bold">65</span>, 2331 (1990);<br id="idp21242384" class="break"/>N. Turok and T. Zadrozny,
Nucl. Phys. <span id="idp21242960" class="text bold">B358</span>, 471 (1991);<br id="idp21243680" class="break"/>L. McLerran, M. Shaposhnikov, N. Turok, and M. Voloshin,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21244288" class="text bold">256</span>, 451 (1991);<br id="idp21244976" class="break"/>M. Dine, P. Huet, R. Singleton, and L Susskind,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21245584" class="text bold">257</span>, 351 (1991);<br id="idp21246272" class="break"/>S. Abel, W. Cottingham, and I. Whittingham,
Nucl. Phys. <span id="idp21246880" class="text bold">B410</span>, 173 (1993).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib29" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21248272" class="bibtag">(29)</span><div id="idp21248832" class="bibblock">
T. Ambjorn, M. Laursen, and M. Shaposhnikov,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21249440" class="text bold">197</span>, 49 (1989);<br id="idp21250128" class="break"/>T. Ambjorn, T. Askgaard, H. Porter, and M. Shaposhnikov,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21250736" class="text bold">244</span>, 479 (1990);<br id="idp21251424" class="break"/>T. Ambjorn, T. Askgaard, H. Porter, and M. Shaposhnikov,
Nucl. Phys. <span id="idp21252032" class="text bold">B353</span>, 346 (1991).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib30" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21253424" class="bibtag">(30)</span><div id="idp21253984" class="bibblock">D. Bödeker,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21254576" class="text bold">426</span>, 351 (1998);<br id="idp21255264" class="break"/>G. Moore,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21255824" class="text bold">62</span>, 085011 (2000).
</div></li><li id="bib.bib31" class="bibitem"><span id="idp21257184" class="bibtag">(31)</span><div id="idp21257744" class="bibblock">
M. Joyce, T. Prokopec, and N. Turok,
Phys. Lett. B <span id="idp21258336" class="text bold">338</span>, 269 (1994);<br id="idp21259024" class="break"/>M. Joyce, T. Prokopec, and N. Turok,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21259616" class="text bold">53</span>, 2930 (1996);<br id="idp21260304" class="break"/>M. Joyce, T. Prokopec, and N. Turok,
Phys. Rev. D <span id="idp21260896" class="text bold">53</span>, 2958 (1996).
</div></li></ul></div></div>
        </div>
    <div id="idp21261888" class="footer">June 15, 2012
      </div>
      </div>
    </body>
    </html>
